# 1.7. Gaussian Processes

Gaussian Processes (GP) are a generic supervised learning method designed to
solve regression and probabilistic classification problems.

The advantages of Gaussian processes are:

  * The prediction interpolates the observations (at least for regular kernels).
  * The prediction is probabilistic (Gaussian) so that one can compute empirical confidence intervals and decide based on those if one should refit (online fitting, adaptive fitting) the prediction in some region of interest.
  * Versatile: different kernels can be specified. Common kernels are provided, but it is also possible to specify custom kernels.

The disadvantages of Gaussian processes include:

  * They are not sparse, i.e., they use the whole samples/features information to perform the prediction.
  * They lose efficiency in high dimensional spaces – namely when the number of features exceeds a few dozens.

##  1.7.1. Gaussian Process Regression (GPR)

The `GaussianProcessRegressor` implements Gaussian processes (GP) for
regression purposes. For this, the prior of the GP needs to be specified. The
prior mean is assumed to be constant and zero (for `normalize_y=False`) or the
training data’s mean (for `normalize_y=True`). The prior’s covariance is
specified by passing a kernel object. The hyperparameters of the kernel are
optimized during fitting of GaussianProcessRegressor by maximizing the log-
marginal-likelihood (LML) based on the passed `optimizer`. As the LML may have
multiple local optima, the optimizer can be started repeatedly by specifying
`n_restarts_optimizer`. The first run is always conducted starting from the
initial hyperparameter values of the kernel; subsequent runs are conducted
from hyperparameter values that have been chosen randomly from the range of
allowed values. If the initial hyperparameters should be kept fixed, `None`
can be passed as optimizer.

The noise level in the targets can be specified by passing it via the
parameter `alpha`, either globally as a scalar or per datapoint. Note that a
moderate noise level can also be helpful for dealing with numeric issues
during fitting as it is effectively implemented as Tikhonov regularization,
i.e., by adding it to the diagonal of the kernel matrix. An alternative to
specifying the noise level explicitly is to include a WhiteKernel component
into the kernel, which can estimate the global noise level from the data (see
example below).

The implementation is based on Algorithm 2.1 of [RW2006]. In addition to the
API of standard scikit-learn estimators, GaussianProcessRegressor:

  * allows prediction without prior fitting (based on the GP prior)
  * provides an additional method `sample_y(X)`, which evaluates samples drawn from the GPR (prior or posterior) at given inputs
  * exposes a method `log_marginal_likelihood(theta)`, which can be used externally for other ways of selecting hyperparameters, e.g., via Markov chain Monte Carlo.

##  1.7.2. GPR examples

###  1.7.2.1. GPR with noise-level estimation

This example illustrates that GPR with a sum-kernel including a WhiteKernel
can estimate the noise level of data. An illustration of the log-marginal-
likelihood (LML) landscape shows that there exist two local maxima of LML.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_gpr_noisy_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

The first corresponds to a model with a high noise level and a large length
scale, which explains all variations in the data by noise.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_gpr_noisy_0021.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

The second one has a smaller noise level and shorter length scale, which
explains most of the variation by the noise-free functional relationship. The
second model has a higher likelihood; however, depending on the initial value
for the hyperparameters, the gradient-based optimization might also converge
to the high-noise solution. It is thus important to repeat the optimization
several times for different initializations.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_gpr_noisy_0031.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

###  1.7.2.2. Comparison of GPR and Kernel Ridge Regression

Both kernel ridge regression (KRR) and GPR learn a target function by
employing internally the “kernel trick”. KRR learns a linear function in the
space induced by the respective kernel which corresponds to a non-linear
function in the original space. The linear function in the kernel space is
chosen based on the mean-squared error loss with ridge regularization. GPR
uses the kernel to define the covariance of a prior distribution over the
target functions and uses the observed training data to define a likelihood
function. Based on Bayes theorem, a (Gaussian) posterior distribution over
target functions is defined, whose mean is used for prediction.

A major difference is that GPR can choose the kernel’s hyperparameters based
on gradient-ascent on the marginal likelihood function while KRR needs to
perform a grid search on a cross-validated loss function (mean-squared error
loss). A further difference is that GPR learns a generative, probabilistic
model of the target function and can thus provide meaningful confidence
intervals and posterior samples along with the predictions while KRR only
provides predictions.

The following figure illustrates both methods on an artificial dataset, which
consists of a sinusoidal target function and strong noise. The figure compares
the learned model of KRR and GPR based on a ExpSineSquared kernel, which is
suited for learning periodic functions. The kernel’s hyperparameters control
the smoothness (length_scale) and periodicity of the kernel (periodicity).
Moreover, the noise level of the data is learned explicitly by GPR by an
additional WhiteKernel component in the kernel and by the regularization
parameter alpha of KRR.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_compare_gpr_krr_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

The figure shows that both methods learn reasonable models of the target
function. GPR correctly identifies the periodicity of the function to be
roughly \\(2*\pi\\) (6.28), while KRR chooses the doubled periodicity
\\(4*\pi\\) . Besides that, GPR provides reasonable confidence bounds on the
prediction which are not available for KRR. A major difference between the two
methods is the time required for fitting and predicting: while fitting KRR is
fast in principle, the grid-search for hyperparameter optimization scales
exponentially with the number of hyperparameters (“curse of dimensionality”).
The gradient-based optimization of the parameters in GPR does not suffer from
this exponential scaling and is thus considerably faster on this example with
3-dimensional hyperparameter space. The time for predicting is similar;
however, generating the variance of the predictive distribution of GPR takes
considerably longer than just predicting the mean.

###  1.7.2.3. GPR on Mauna Loa CO2 data

This example is based on Section 5.4.3 of [RW2006]. It illustrates an example
of complex kernel engineering and hyperparameter optimization using gradient
ascent on the log-marginal-likelihood. The data consists of the monthly
average atmospheric CO2 concentrations (in parts per million by volume (ppmv))
collected at the Mauna Loa Observatory in Hawaii, between 1958 and 1997. The
objective is to model the CO2 concentration as a function of the time t.

The kernel is composed of several terms that are responsible for explaining
different properties of the signal:

  * a long term, smooth rising trend is to be explained by an RBF kernel. The RBF kernel with a large length-scale enforces this component to be smooth; it is not enforced that the trend is rising which leaves this choice to the GP. The specific length-scale and the amplitude are free hyperparameters.
  * a seasonal component, which is to be explained by the periodic ExpSineSquared kernel with a fixed periodicity of 1 year. The length-scale of this periodic component, controlling its smoothness, is a free parameter. In order to allow decaying away from exact periodicity, the product with an RBF kernel is taken. The length-scale of this RBF component controls the decay time and is a further free parameter.
  * smaller, medium term irregularities are to be explained by a RationalQuadratic kernel component, whose length-scale and alpha parameter, which determines the diffuseness of the length-scales, are to be determined. According to [RW2006], these irregularities can better be explained by a RationalQuadratic than an RBF kernel component, probably because it can accommodate several length-scales.
  * a “noise” term, consisting of an RBF kernel contribution, which shall explain the correlated noise components such as local weather phenomena, and a WhiteKernel contribution for the white noise. The relative amplitudes and the RBF’s length scale are further free parameters.

Maximizing the log-marginal-likelihood after subtracting the target’s mean
yields the following kernel with an LML of -83.214:

    
    34.4**2 * RBF(length_scale=41.8)
    + 3.27**2 * RBF(length_scale=180) * ExpSineSquared(length_scale=1.44,
                                                       periodicity=1)
    + 0.446**2 * RationalQuadratic(alpha=17.7, length_scale=0.957)
    + 0.197**2 * RBF(length_scale=0.138) + WhiteKernel(noise_level=0.0336)
    
Thus, most of the target signal (34.4ppm) is explained by a long-term rising
trend (length-scale 41.8 years). The periodic component has an amplitude of
3.27ppm, a decay time of 180 years and a length-scale of 1.44. The long decay
time indicates that we have a locally very close to periodic seasonal
component. The correlated noise has an amplitude of 0.197ppm with a length
scale of 0.138 years and a white-noise contribution of 0.197ppm. Thus, the
overall noise level is very small, indicating that the data can be very well
explained by the model. The figure shows also that the model makes very
confident predictions until around 2015

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_gpr_co2_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAoAAAAHgCAMAAAACDyzWAAAACXBIWXMAAA9hAAAPYQGoP6dpAAAAOXRFWHRTb2Z0d2FyZQBNYXRwbG90bGliIHZlcnNpb24zLjMuMiwgaHR0cHM6Ly9tYXRwbG90bGliLm9yZy8vihELAAACWFBMVEX////9/f2/v7/+/v5/f39TU1MBAgIAAADx8fEfd7Stra1fX1/5+fkODg59fn5iYmJsbGynp6c/Pz8SEhKfn5/g4OAbGxtYWFi7u7zU1NQedbLs7Ozl5eVmZmbJyckBBQkEBQUQQWJ8fHwHHi729vZ1dnZVVVXw8PBpamp5eXkdcav7+/wCCQ7W1tYIIjQLCwseHh4LLkbo6OguLi6kpKS1tbUedK+wsLAKKkBzc3Qid7JISEgEEx5TVFUGGymcnJwFFyMPPV0baqCqqqvExMTZ2dkDDBNxcXFkZWWysrIcbKQICAhOTk5ub28WWIbGxsYOOlhLS0yXmJgVFRXv7+8JJjoUUHqPj48XW4sZGRm4uLkaZpvLy8sTSnH09PQmd68YXo+FhYUDDxiLjIwNNE/c3NzQ0NAON1RCQkIlJSXe3t4xeKkMMUsRRGgZYpUrKyscb6iTlJTq6uqCgoIVU34WVoIrd6zCwsJERUW+vr4aZJhoaGhcXFw6eaRbW1s4ODhnfIvS0tJEep+Hh4haWloSR2xVe5YncaUTTHSJiopPepkUTndJepxQUFBcfJPOzs4+eKFcXV5ge47j4+NyfYVtfYkkdKszaY9LWmR4foIvcqAubJdDXnE5cJZwcHA0NDQ1eKdUc4lFb4whISE8YXtWZW9jmb87Z4VEZ38ZYJJEh7ZRj7pRanwobp0ygLWryuCFstDK3uticXxjjapFdJV1psiYvtg/ga681OUxZIiwxdN9n7eBlaPY5vHh7PSZqrbu9Pmgt8Z1ipiJqsGOnaizvcTn8PY2WHCDO7WjAAAgAElEQVR42uyd308a2xaAt7CHEQdmEGkH00NDjCCEGAxiDDWEBzVgwBjFxGgMjSEa9T4YNCk1erW2pok35XA8tA/nRW/iP3r32gMzw4i3PS3ozXV9J3FPZ6+ZxTCf+9dwhBAEQRAEQRAEQRAEQRAEQRAEQRAEQRAEQRAEQRAEQRAE+b9mTTzg5Rxd/dvHUvHwwTqfuH9/5450l49PXr2C7aX0erAoLHX1Yh64iObuji/pe6fxiaINSvud6P3br8cnbqJh32FSFF9DWf7Ru/ODAh4uue7tywQPKjb/1l2NbVcc58lq8txR6ebFPHARzd2dXtJ3T+MT3adQ2kQ3CtgDNsVlMdd9AUuddi45ZrgBrmnWyDiWY2wztuyY642Ape97+YMC5vL9rDw9P0ABe8CJeHHuLoFLgI2KO2n3UDY2PxOfuOIB1d14/nwK2o/cy2Dx3A+h9ZrbfXYIW8Oqu6iMQdy8WgzuVbiVdcG9rvV342znxHWr3VkONvS8yw5tu+FYtr4k/SA9tTmPXmtK2KrVL4K/gm1pL7++fKHvbnbBHc8K3ItvOnScXyFkLJ8BAfUYIk1ov4JtJzKqrQLqWa0hz5xR9y3JiD4mgkccWFrqp+LekT8kevYqfkUcgJ4neDs7/V4cJGSmmLFNy4Pwfk+ENtbiky62tSf71/IKixt2Tyb9KQfVqv3T/G7vxO9WjpPhfi1XLH6u5zW2b+MxyzixdZCR2pRHrzUnbNXqF8FfQTU1UJ2u5edbuzUBO55Vc8Qa33Lo+paQlXg/CKjHtAvYOpFRbRHQyGoNeeYkxRVSinv1boeKZT4uZO7FigLbPC+y5jF28NJO4jd6x5vlRybZFrSSkbyd6fkSbpgnv8p2yq0R/67b3EUnRLXDtiomXNJL97neE+sHGalNefRac0K9tnURsi66ay+rd6lcwI5nJR3jWw7ZxGFyK5FWF6zFtAloPpFWbRHQyGoNeeZ486zjUMR5497NcylG4U1jv/glMQJhV+I4u/VH2iCe8nc1FlSa0StigowGPTHGlDjFdu4073bJESDfFTAsHpaOXvT5hpqDNv0gU2ojj17blrBVq18EfwWxrYMg60pn2gTseNamWNb4lkP2u+yFWOUCGjFtArZOZFS3C2jKag153myL6dXV1Skxatw7aGCkOJfzgHVq4pHWUM6Rw8UJMX6dgBg+fCvWmtFwXxtik2RrZsL2Ng++3+126oKHdrR/6weZUpvz6LWWhLx5M18E8TiiG683J71tAnY8q8a9eN2hrWJkj3ABjZg2AVsnMqrbBTRltYY8b6LNu7gee0DAkqP5q8vHLC8q8Zn2FrD1zpcc0ibnlUnA0fYWkBT+yyRkPN9sAfWDTKmNPKZaS8L7Ag5J8PNlu4Adz6pxL153qOFwfNIENGIC61zadgGNaksLaGS1hjxrYut3NiAlLpAK6x7uC0jO11lv3DfZHLyQWrF9DKjfwveTrva1GT4GHDrsuAyzAMswBfMyTOl2Sx8Dtg4yUpvy6LXWhLzWfBFkCFydguVjbXdzDNjprKRjvOFQqPBbU0A95pODdQauPYuAerV1DKhntYY8axZEbanlMF8jNjGwtNl/T0Bb8Hx2eoZN38Ymywu2cv6yOc1tzoL1Wzg8dOuzLazttgnIpqyZ40G1v30h+mrv3kK0a1mym2bB2kF6anMevdaaUJvimi6CSPm146sitDXa7tYsuMNZScd4y0oKCGjE7Ae9UwPeu3YBjerWwVezQMnIag151tSCzeZEDSZIdN0BS2gWAbUFLNZkuU4m3fk9ypcM64W4W02038J9BZYJt9oEJOPhoeCEZDx/2JEmgvFJmQcspYutR3F9asG0FqMf1ErdlkevtSTUak0XQVaVYtxb9Xpbu83rgNazdozvIKApZmoyf1exjAFN1c2DNfaNrNYQpIvPP36WnHcU31bkyQR8Iebj8XgV31nkiVpABEEQBEEQBEH+F+lrjPUjyIOMNfp6KqD++B1BOtPoqYBjYgN/y5GHaYhjPRWwX+zHcQjydIKggAgKiKCACIICIigggqCACAqIICggggIiKCAKiKCACAqIAiIoIIICooAICog8A0ZfoIDIE7KSGkUBkSfD5VHHUUDkCXjB//JTQ5rxo4DI4/NqcQWK10JtFgVEHp9NYRH+sOK0oFZQQOQR6Rvm/xPwwK4C3ypWVqURFBB5RI4X+V8RLtfUeZiD5AKRGAqIPB5rMxvsZ8yTg78xO66GPMoqCog8xrSDf5tAzOOF2cdv0o3gZ0PAGk1JDRQQeQSisp2bV4Nvg5oTZGGAkE+XNKrOJ1BApPcNYE6Bb3aqpxVPjJCkQNM+UgpEqCzUh1FApOfU0+owK6YENugjsaxCL8tk+yxEqVBdQgGRHt7+Ff4VrxuCAH/NvRIOne6T/dMUlaLktSAzATc2UECkd9hqPigyaRj0lSKBkfAODAFpwBObEigTcGAQBUR6R3IXZh/2qBTOEHKhRqmwRGaZeZ5cvw8ETGcyKCDSA7a1L1ChM4ESIYeK5+yKkAWmnOAnZZXSrJQoXzIBL8ufUECkBxwFYNpbCpxJv8EcZESB79Zl5gnT9pRCaehsO8QKKo2kUECk+7g8Bfg+0e2zRXjoxjrdQCQW8+SYgElYfqEj4frJCRMw5wmggEj3aUjv4TsOYcn5NQwB2aBvNaEsUqpWGlKWUlmYgn9RT0BCAZFuNn0r01DU00KG8CVnNuh7pXjgodswm4PQ66OL8AiffVyGKIwFVRQQ6SLzlzfw0G1DuKaExEISFQbIRTgKD92qMO1VUkuw/keZmVDItWUUEOki1UIOPuq3Es55+lhHfMMGfcQvQJ9b5wt/JycwF6Y0PMILuutFAZFuMHrMv717sKCOE3ja5gmUSJW1cuoaGeRLztUkFItKhpt3mtIEzJ6ggEg38Hv4Q7etMzbrgKYvKyW4eddHZE0FATd4kbqWwyCecsIK6IRxGQbpCivvZ2EOEgnAR/1Y0xe63IYPXFEla+crfsIAmwtTNhZMXYOAqUKWfnv7EQVEuoM95V3jyy9ZeOqbSVM5vcMX/k4iY7DwR4VMJMBnHaz48Du0ffQfTqeMAiK/yHgdfq4qhZCdN33hDOFtnjB3CEt9i8o4m4pQqo7whT+6e52V3zo/g4tvnM4PKCDya8RuIvBx+3lVgae+PoGebhFuXnpjWw3BoO8YCqrcnIXkjx/lwoz8wen8N9vzzelkIqKAyC+RkNhgjxCbkJUaJJZSqBIifMlZGNiEpb6ommSFTCMngvzZ6fwW9dB/OZ1vmYC/MwG/oIDIr1EXCvDBl6QQVedhCAhPfef4Z02Tx7DSIgvlNP385s+stEz/6eR97x/MvL8o/eh84/wDBUR+EtcIX3eZEoRpNgcZkWShzj/l7Mn187VmdW2aL/UJ7D9mXHRGoG+dTjbvpe+cMPhjI8EvrCtGAZGfbPouK1Bk0oKPdcRs1CdU+Sf+slLCl6awAJhJy1/efU2PhL9Ck5eVoWCDv7+cznfOP+lX55sPrCtGAZGfY+B9ys6bvssyIf9h73x+2kiyON4JVYGime4mQ7bJJI5GFt2xNxqtlJhBNmpxSBBG41YEi4SCEBZCoCw+7BIkAzK2jLGMQA4YYxKcAGuyROEwuaBcIu0ft+9bnpmNNpNDlj2x9Q4UjSU45JP36vt+NQq8vFcbdRlzirPTq7Lqu56rUsz1fL0qXZ689KVxpCoUikuiQQwaCkBl/52NP4XsHYtbelh2/DH+UEOuOejORc39dCmT8U2SGxWdx+kQ27j0VYg4OsplUh8VsWWQY1QAKvtKm+vDdr+WqEuyV5tzw6Q6tOkcY+5Ah8w185VAiHSGrwdCpDrS4edhOsQW7n7kCut098tviQIOuhTuv1IAKvtK1+fO0ddbZshdw4o1Zpljkrzc5jPTr1frPKIfk86o2voQqQ5yecRaltQHXQHrRNw+/WhbZOsog6RF/m8KQGVfZff8kW46brphzPpOF9Freh9dznp4tuiQtOWbRQc55gSH6hA1RsiVRBZ3P5YS+W0SInmR2kcusCFKf7woINOtPvlj9uSn65h977C+/VNiTwF4ie22vhyho5szPiH3a4TtwZt2uF6PW5N8X4iUZ/A8cszLI1WRJpdHciNbJfjo7seyYhv3P6IPHNI9sHBRAO/84wEBuP5N+5r9hH5T5g/dO08f3FMAXkaLTMgroGdPa2g5RbMz9msYfGeJ15OpUKDXI6EbKzq8RABmg0ZZFFKiCj8Hf4dvSf4Sg8jEbCElWBCpCwI49Zfu677W8mSdnN83o9rd7zvpv8i1CQXgJbRnceRdyPWZdHb4ceYNyPQL44+GgdyJOcDLRN5bn1dEg1weIbdNxBkxsU/BmI4aI/eXQhKa+IQsIXl8QQD1Y40AnG1FR0RC11Za0Y/9wGh+2NHW1ranALwsNsnliqsID2V6tNnVKDYM9XGjZvDuCCeh+yHHvAZ5wJPnibQokcsjP1cviy3yfgYRl4ceIb8HDkn+JpGYKV0UwM6/9gDAR6236SG+rEW+x0+XA81PWStMAXhJbGIE3fYtQd03n8luez2oDXgFkeV94zbJ3ornFCVY5jlJD3J5UB1EnLztJSnmppCEbkD9ohUQqenqBQHc+zMJ8n8D2P8fACoPeDmsbUm+1mOAo9v+lmk5uXnZbR+3rkyvEkm8K6jTkeL+WxGrUGgtiQYCLuQGCRB520tRzM2CuJjshMlKeUxq+GIA9rVeu3attfXaF0KwugNeDlvRV3AYOslebccNYsXVem67HApMEXJCHMyEfqYj2W++EQ3gBgjTYh9yoyoaqLsRcUnCUfYAkiMk9YGAjMcLAdi2Rvb31bWWJ5u/ipCHSoRcOut6ih1rU4EQJ4nZjqLb4yt+HKpjNg7yzoaIPPJpI/1EHjJ+aQqvpHlR68iLNNQviAOHyAxWmFQfaSb7Ei6cB0QIVmmYy2wt4euLGva8OPaCJotuvHvMPCGSckv6ByLqjVUk8mLi3CfkqiIF8UEur4SjJmJIBbJfysF12YQq1UcWvVr/KwBlIhrtYT3Wtz+NqET0JbG7g/KfMMBDHeh5NlanMfa2XfP6ZotEXtp9aFfoUncU50QeuT1U2cjl5eHd0HmQbBKH7tNSU3WwWLMntdrsDKRHVYpT9kVbHIL6mM8FSPZi0s2ManvweV7nDicdG+MLPE2cVewDIq8hqtC75PK24d22RBq3PUwe4bZXbaoONKNSQIb6AIcsnz5XACr7gk0FVjHucYdHSfZitXgm1LHj0WXvcPSqR0DFDtgBBVaRKp4RchRzIXvJ5ZXh3dD8l20Sl24Sh/QL5C84rKeyNbkZQTWkKvuiza/KcY8+HnTXtNv6edkyx1a8JKmO6eEDkUyKA3ba7CqA7C2ILWIQLq8B7waXV2gO/2IErtbkEGLEYL+ZoQBU9ru6Q369w59jyd+mzfgjeqBoq++1k88TR07kVGQb4jD6UpSRckaL/ZYoQ/2Sy4tBbuw3ewDh8kj2BoMy/RI0azE8jYQkf7l+NZiu7Pdi76KcNxrmPEK6MhRA30svkRezB0cPCaxXofXXYqsizuwXIo+2ZpTXSqIiq2y/FDlqTdnrFCSH/Qmpft1iqE5eL2T2S//3XB9SACr73G7ayLtooy7GPQZtB2/W6gJ53s7iO5EUadPfEPmCeLMMhZsUVegMugvK8NosckRDkkMr8Q6qw7Hdky20LTg5kGc7niG3U/qmAlDZ59bb71/RsGADfS8TB7G016UReUIcLPlHoiCSuQyRtyUKMuGSJtWRasqMJLm1gpQby4kkOLQdcpz7LG6ZltxMtNic1BzfjWJsyZ+xFYDKPrfRZfOWnDfKZDq0gVNSHeP3rCMC67A9Dn8nvJ+JPIq5KHuwBqmO7K9VtvDIO3AYfB5KgkPOeCVrMHvTj2MjdLyvOau+IvcVuQudXAGo7BPreCyLWEEbu+3n3LBvjrWEibyXbMxMU+w9XXhL0TYmKLBWUOZF3oUhF11m/rKssmUyp5C9x7rznRAs6EWwpYPx9nXE3l0mt3UM6XtRubFtolcBqOxTexhC4g9V3zua1nfQONndmwpskOoYurErKPZ+NM5kqff8SJRQ5kWfQbAs9S4PyCpbzjlD+iVuDZwm84TaZHMn/mP5XiQeGcSiIt25h8lhx/7hEVdzwco+scUR9L3c2I1yOjdfCWEP7u2SK3uRmTwUqZJ46bwk1lKi2iBlsS+S9J2ROJV6lxsvUN3gA2/BoT3TC18X9ymOY0XbbcTeoHfnPla1kbbGBLse7Vhz1YtqlH0SgUPXMW/0mBt8WOvJQHXsrCHxJ8zhd+gsfWWR+sVkUVLsG+QT6XCKZ9C7YXfmPXFo8CUIZMb7HsHluaMtuPztBlu6PcZCgbs9GGJy55qD7J3afM5RACr7zfb0xCYCsVcjJzWPVr/DpaVDpFd2R9+L7apIkTuso+ZBItiyv0OfQSaDjqyabw6/JL3r5GYXd/N4EdKcG6TQu6Qt7jL2vE+uLbLHNfCYyUxpvR75w0ntmXmsAFRGNiBbOHc83UEg3ogdjGuTSPydTgx/FOWkODB+xEh5ckQkjaEPIktSxA6/QJ/B6jTkr2FGfyAAjUCoZ8EmXxcfmy06CL0aPYbtm9pN4hH9rIbOitPYpEof3sdtUwGoDLLD6tHwehnMG42R6zti2gQSfx/buzZENSUOz4m8moidkMJNIBedYpxtoL7LI//E4Q3cf5suMXdBRld3XMOsOoVevCzJirdpN1YdNFJjYz6WSO9wI27d01qsuAJQGd7kiz0vWpd3TG5pjVTFxnFL5LVIi9ddmxRms+L0hNRvCNO8FYOfoNHF4JH38rj6kO6CBu8miJHh0/A+GjmybkFtYHcHXpr0zPSP9fv4E4xfRXklXES0D+qWAlCZ1p3AnpeW4Fm1OKt1UyyNZTo2XxBur2aq5N4K4vSNKIQTP1LsLUd30ehSdnKTR0IUnOLgBCnjodX5K1acDek3tCVPxlw8Qkt3c4aXVZP6gMvT2mVrjbZHQruT/vBMMa4A/P8OvrLxpZP/i73zfWkrXeL448YD/SbiiUVJjCYvxKQJwTfSGBIJvlAxBYMYhIKIQUQp+koFtfgDtaGhxZ/VJjYmRUOtZat7u7WLd9vd29vasv/WnZnzB9y73Uubrmde9BAPbYR+mJnvzDzzsFtqIDkRG1e1Z3y6fOA1L5DMBoi8yocoEmQL7gzF3vsL/k98voOkRIk8Ytxe1aetPNEjQfJmlXpPUA1p1Xa+rqvJFvDV84WZlSSpOdjucIN5MBZhZ9ugJ2Kcdnb4Fk0Ar7LVRTz8eJCWxOyAZG+fqswygGOnmNyDy36A+/Y/sH2IzZ1Inl48Wpz5zI/lEUWecIWSPr7+MlbL3ox1rmpxBPQeC3+UmDseq9a6JNj6korVh5/XCpJDlJ92ajETwKtst9o5EAYTcSboFqmKE2fwNUCqo6uI9WogniXISHrMYiXWwe3gx9rNIRc9NqzqI8leirITi95qdqAdlN6FienFiGNUnBsrGsr2ehy8tmp0mRkn9SF0WhI2do+UMPaaAF5lS8qBt8bT4g4xM0pg5cIUiCe38cyax2YkhX3SINoKyRHsaU4edHmizXWTi/Q6VlVtYSWyOKFa9acB3plg1cTXkdyQ9K5T07mm02hzi8Dp8PEdXsSjj1cbqWpNfjpnAnilzeJt5wNvW23INyl2fTi7OZbjFbont13Ym8/gD0SbYh/5AEjAt/qQHpGdukYCkAOpVatcICdHepeXdahQTJI+7iQPinPjaUJ1Le6IXxMeub+sdm3tfJO1uj0vPx0yAbyqyR9vOVU34ss8eGUlwOwV09xTy0wNnWHzIXJ7iHrTeRQx22ML8XZxu95wTg/SGddOZ9e5mjyo8V2YpHfdbha4c5roC0sirvXRv303FuO+XtDfb69gHvt5wkYN6HesInuucySmhNEE8GpaU4Iv2BpL2ymGKp4lPR6uP8ESXDNOcn3PcLCCSXs8z6N+bv9YG7BkC1je0UOrZeKkmswCl3cmBHQRuEOGvlDVaUnvPJoW4m8KXK/kR1ev7Naq8st+VRVqv6fEIfpMAK+iVdl9vM6nr/DQN664noLj1rkDXmYQ+YSU/RSZI0aOLzNaS48MkDpZo8RuEFjnvbwBnS8F4XYGV1jUvWURuPUOm3i12707nN7V++RMnbp3nV/SxwVZcRSRDdNqrrfW+D10E8CraLs2HryyvOdxA0VZH/BiLNyGxykcn2Np+TWyJ1j3Jc951E+zBvP0iA0pD3DEgfTesmR73Q5ZE62SPhG4dYua6IubdyS9I+cmR5s65sPGNz6Vbx6JtwqPdnGEypswAbyKthXbYGbI452EVNcZUjhZJdcXyeB0jZB7ApA71ELveNSPyNvmTUStarVw389wJX1S4tu1JYSxGk0E7rQ+L/oiPM8nSvhYex1/HExzRqiGe+SlCjXxS1WxKw819IMJ4NWybtnc49R40VBzkUCzKmsbtpHzbGKpN48XeWxqnXKbVmzrkgA8JZmyTiHaa+HxPZ1vBa7R+LAICQpdaikhQ+A2uw194ex/IAo7scAZoWrx1ssXTxgrqyqGvy4gJoBlFnvdXBtRtbnjJoKRcrtMrfqNr1E4uLtNrm8bz7JYcYxzM+S13vqBZ1JnLOocKUeSb4R7KjXmcExKfFULPgm2P8jqVEoNZZ5abTkMX1d52yj1dFu+JSAmgOVlfRs9HPvW4LJXKCepW9eo2sRhAWfWLB6l1/Gri8ib5tPlO02Wt3wWuEapzv0n3OQYdts1uaIhJiU+1dMuFZYtzSZ53ag2xI9mb418VXOwHAAxASwvC89zzbg5y3UX9YlELvaCRazvIzsF+OPnlPtFbd6KJd59VaPq+DHHQZaHm1WFPS415j5Nyi9qxqiwdDv8InBn7Mb/deNwGQFiAlheNrXBMraFc7tW9QiTKbxuIOVxDNdjpGzeS957EOtQF7zy2aNugM8lcVE5IA3dJpvUmFd9vaJsk0aFpVXvMdLLwTIExASwTKy11rhiUOc4+Z7AOhmrKvFFMqfjFG17SOZi0pfkpO9Qu0tJH7ZtjSpYIvU7LRvaRG488EmNuc5Ym6XC7aI6LKPJ8gXEBLBMrEbnAvBAHgVSClzfy4035lE6wIv37PNSKGJbC1HS59reqVPvgKKdiPUe812Y5PIWRG509EuNeUA3Snx3dRnmUsGgCaBp/8VG5tlbEWAHYWXZ5mn7rvo27K/h5BxLWmgSGbzxjf8sK5+D6hJ4we21kUUbp3lj6UWp7XXeid9g+esXf6hamqbLHhATwPKwKr/ka5dSd7mRwRoyzg9IaQ+RW8e65rlg8tw3/s09kdtKfQb2WWdMOaTL1mrrlX1ZoXa7ODuv39AZw8oE0LT/LQW0bfDtLRx7R1W9CwVkw+/I9ZHs3caRbfclHwKeURaSxQUSGC2FvRiPEtzUpMvW7L4jaZ5nQzhUu3OW7wUQE8BvbS1SJB7K5v1VHHuBx+oDH/B13XyJNzuXOCMdYg8+55IzsZYCYl3Gdg5jPW+Mu2yWHqPJUadPfW+AmAB+69ibSLD8JVVx3KB4rAVHFnJ9aWDqAqfut8hksT/F7xEjSTEJcFujQbeLznAaXTY1YjQ5qgIhE0DT/pTt2mx8kd+PwEmdGndhEqXmc7yJp7AXxXH172gj8pzkFBHl0cBzzHJbo9lt2+FRgr4No8uWjG0ZkTxoAmjanzKPJuzMArl69R6pX1FqOMQL7084IvJqWXVE090sjzM8ThouHPNRIotd46OVatVn6F3n/0HvmgBeSbu1z7NS14izAw/5t3wJubooBd0fUUJWm6uAQd7PQD5gkeuoec5AVc+L3t21GV227xcQE8BvZcFOcVoXyFml/ofMXbWGkyMcfEZUC79EHvmdCVYdB5WU9JGH5OmVPuMokZqS43IqaPcqE0DTvsTq452sX4m8DtYgs3DdqphF4SPO3mEy5nmOLIqkT34i8mqJtHyWx17UuG9D5gw6jbqLqkyaAJr2RWad57nQfxGAI6wtckDt75T1vUfmHEXb7i/cDp4SdfKMD3Z4dTlDNJbulzmDwX6rIaKrTABN+yKbup6oUDLRd6Qshyik8NtbTDreom0dpafBV7z9j5B7CRR4ScbIouzKaLX1/8B/u8vu+Tq/pgng39Qsb854foDre6WqayQ7ZvH4FxT1XeAQzzrUP7j14ZHm3D5XWpKaDLoMu41Ta8OrFhNA077IBmQ8mWTtizpl4RZbaeCfiC5e4Oglu74ooig4+T2OJ7hFMiuFwpp5KbhYeozp5q9mJoB/v9hrZ4Re8cAVdzbOUNy9RN5N9F2gkGTVwT6Pk0N2kWM7uhwnD7XLwJWqTgRNAE37K7H3qbZFfz4HMl1qIIoTHHQ/Ry7wHKUU9gdZdSA+oLgAyCNWrbovwdG2r1ceasKpTABN+ws2rbfzaPwFkB1Ub5E9RWaLXF/HKxSBdAurjrYIsUYAzkjS1y4VvxbHf9g796cmrzSOH4jN4QsBElAbglBEtFwWsQihpq5YAe9bFbC4UMALKLIqrtYivWxlHBcvW5kp24QmYCsqIhAQ5WoRvFX/rX2eEzo70x927JogJOc7o2/C+5Lhhc88t/M85814Kz+uBjDY9LTt9lKygLUEWBHlIJ5ncBZTDpI/jjbYv6oRbBq51tzPqQiP7/oGO1aYCzWAWm+kjkT+f0AV/mZgs+MFvbn7AtgB25p2Tnu9ZOzGAA+XnCM7VaufiPFtnZFlrdEAar2JTBvUItoQF/7EU+7zeya+QFcl8Avatpdz2uvJU9nJFMd51j+rDTVEhW/A6G1JAxg0an2XE9gnqvBHjtb1Da4/4WdM1+IhPEsMj3kQiZAjS3ibi8zF7/jmyC2x2RpALT+o8hXvwMeGrjuRI7wJ9IzAGZU7hJ8xZVFk3qX8uMbmqzwnrFE7Rpj2qCQAACAASURBVIplMeUaQC0/aAJ9RNQ4e9pllIN09qJnHJ5tYf38oN9mVXfpq6es40GXqjyviJrnkrMGMLj1krLbZGEYo2S3LYFykKjn6O7FVClnJQpNCg4HOU05u2875xtpX5lNGkAtPyjhLHf+TQL2Sq6uuOBMHkabeRgecsRWTnsVef0AD5mL0jhfyXl1jNAAavlBRbu58sztLRau/w0CLWNwXZmEewJdJXzC9iBLAaiQs8Sp7ZlFSeLiB7B0fXT0t/kU2JqX7zrO9UyTOT5nd4cGcF71w3neM40HK6e5/vcXByIHcLuIMpBa3IlQUSHvnfvIeVsNVeZ/lLeAfvg3A2RHfklJRkqC2H4rvLHUWCDEV8ut7Q3rszSA8ycDgfajUAYO14k275UhvOhHVzK3G2C1gX2zk7uc6/+xj3ukRXKUJWgAVIovFE28nPhTqng/he5thbFSAziPIhd7M0tkOeDGVQr4piz9mCbTl2si/uzklh4DXl7syI1Si8TCdCU7mADMspAFTPqpw9CS0yxaJNeU1sdoAOdF7WotbYA7/ggz5yhGwzjtGFCPWwgTDh95TwAXj5Wb0nfvWXj38IaAtOYYoykGNEXJlBSKLPJS+Ivnk3wnTRERER0awIDJtE3NTA4Bng7yvZ6H6K6pRWd2L7qRWeo7wf31D+1das1jw7vZQQegqf6zjLIEceT4jqN/z7H+DsAlkqUBDJQ6+jpL6E/AE5fZlINM/QJ3PWzb3+dSoDdfRYXckyoKfE/JEqnpaUEHIKshKS2FB6piP/qdC9YWMLDqhadYhXiwJxNtXU/R9gjeJQZOe13JKi++y/trWPfFqhFha6kITgCjIiQDmHSekpAinYTMW/pLnOVzc4EXqAxz4M4knM/hKVLzRnfrhYGyk0E2CMnfpWct2Lt4M0AymhtbM4xWEdcU3rh0V6kuw8yPwj7j2O8lcfaC+/tctZh9DHv6DGzkiPdw3QV95arvRe2vkbAmQwQpgLHrUsoarJzh/3XX8SMGIdLM8bv26UJ0gFVvjlT1P+AZR3p9Q5gehueKCY4JNn18YjCMCHV6VDB0xnwxWAF8+58fkprtZKI41Lsq2PcO4Pp9TBUIB2oxWKNM479V2hvn20+ysUMDqOW/2M/kwIMw1VtvGw0j35vRi5u93OvHE5cXhGq8UvnGoQbLgr8bDeDiE7nY7nIuQLvRXUM5SOF9jA6gL1c1XnFbvppHIuXttmoANYD+FCcfYeR73fVcZx6FO3cMU5Xj6B5io9irGmJ4JtilChFFSSUaQA2gH7Ung3+bxJmznVfYnsHZOIDbR4fhdqBCOeU2tnlHO79TWwslxKRpADWAftT3nbyBEPe9/Com0TYLe+sQ7iROwg57pGpL8DJ5y772LX2IMKEB1AD6T8Ow5wv1LA/MEm2uFgIR+FENvLU1q8Kfi8lLjI09s1juSQO4iDTALafiJWx/oyOlHdkOPIczTw28eRLUqlwfzxtlmdNNGkANoN81xC2n7HsncJ3s4J3yITyEt0XVXVwdqv4yqPY3aG4RGkANoB+VyBYtjTgb5UjP1YvRGdhTDf2YUKaPyOxh8qZfbTMssjvTAC4GjYxyYVnNnPOmB3fHMDqCtjx6WQtXrkpLbjJ5BecvCg2gBjAAvpfAU10u7jP0ZnAc3cPwNKuJyx6TCg5/4OuS11g0gBpA/ykr3BKeRQfiLJd9rxvORso4Dk3CTY64Xo1i3hSqMqjW3jpuRGoANYB+U+RyKeXySNVz2sqY9dCRcpAi8r/0Jk31Izzj+ozzlW+PtYJyDaAG0G/8SZ8i2fc+ZUd8Afh1HK7iGTj62fTxiTxVd/E9XGERSgO4cP3v8jkA43lvg2nuslo6hFnKQZaZAAeXBEd823EIkTH3NEsNoAbQbwon9lbVMYE/k6H7p5iEt7If0/0YzOKJS254eTy39iaWRC3TAGoA/asbUm4GVhGAmZjAVa7/tQ7guoOjviEyfc1qLKRNjVq2txg0gBpA/3rgMin3AsekPAx7L0Z57a18DP9Spm+AyOOJS/pax+K+zdcHJC15RwFJAzgfMlWYzWT6rgGfSvkhvM/hNgzhgeE+voGzWNVdPOx0i7uSakIEwMoyFRAbNYDzoA1GX/pxCjgl5ceYGoabcxAxjlp4s1XnHzdFi/qvt4kQAfBWem5AP1/rv9o9l/4a7cBpKc/h5gi+mOSOK667dOeqgaQenrg0mWNCBcDoeh0DzovrrTBZpNx0ai0BuBE24D25Exdm4BiHp16N/Pb4VuUuqG8oaA8VAGMLNYAB12p2vcYUKQ8A9HI/DmTi8FbYyopgG2OnOzK39jbjmCoNjlt+bUBq9kUdqSBpAAPIn/zN92YCmzn4u3QKq9binpQO9KPHoJ5x+T1furQhMsQALDTmrLtF0gAGzv+S0Vu7nwE8TJzRi0/wwTl8uBfVktywg02fybcdB7ned6whBmDZobCAfr6WqCDybDhBAK4lzvayHdx4GXWX6KU8ONd2QIcdfK11dW6IARivk5BAy8wlP1wmAOuIs2q5GZnGlVhJRpAzYdhm6RoHoB7tZjojQgzAG4c0gAEUd/4dkfKkKvzJalThnDxB/46huoqX46oJwGK67hFcrUF1468NiDk6zryNpAEMhFTnX7zKfm1GLkCfJBAv4WMyiefsOKzIdPJMcMSd2NzQBDDOpwYNYCD4+y39PU2+d6t8D1iFnRT37adocKdC8hjg5olLw2pzVmgCuEA/Pzj8L9k+I5cA/wTbFmwi6qroFecg3A+DLdyXBXSrVd+CQyJkATQYNIAB0Vkpt57+XGFWdYDM3l5UG23YBLuRkAQ+oTNb5+be/q8/QnAAWNiUktJUqAEMjAE8Aazl9qvL11BHKe8JuQV1+JIMo43zYdKE92JQ3vxrA5Kak1FQkJGTqgH0u7j1+VNQxiE/R91KrKRIcLO8h8uUBHMFmk/Ida1RhaENYLyaOLXEawD9LgsBVgVcY9o2HUP1RmQayQpW4RKduAcuA8qixNTG0AYwWm34VRKtAQyEBWRPe4pbn40f4Nx+HFCFP+6G5gr0JjpYhUGENoBmVQHckK4B9G/8F24JTzPKjYRbptyPg5QBHzzGUd9K+EzfSW7IkjI1WH8Bf6AQ3RQb2xRt/oO1aA3g/5QqQJfx4u+XBNpecrqbsaWaF3//w975/iaVZnH8bmPu43Hb2ErGIo4C0ma2gLTYiiRDEHAHZ2m9YZfyQxk2DXu71QlQdkrjDLuJmUxIuiETX/S982Je8V/uc85zabFaN6Xccew9T2Jp1PRF88l5nu/58T1YjcPQl81UBAOoHSWiz5qLZgA/yN8wAW1Cvw11VMBZiGEmBqvCkMV/8lJ7vtvxAP5Of/4nn39RpwnpLiRbEBG6vIsx9CUBYuLouEIMICeiJ37c2HYf10lqRA2IB7Hqq6pxWI7LHAN4RWMAORE9cfWxJNHqUrIlA8k+pKkPvwpYARECpCJRHQroT8QAciJ68upjHau/OPcmv3qbsE8xrwJQRfJqsSQ9/pRDGwPIiWhb1EcAMM0SkMztyLdfRdVESPfqJEGuhy74b4IT0R9LfcRNIYbZFhNKIgpUDBE9q/h70R9/ZwWEE9ETPHs0d5RUeWaIy69+mgPxCxyFwzSgmKEH4IXnjxPRH0N9uF3kO4S4dSR2prx2G9T5hwNJUVUBWXPfueMOaQzg8HAieoLqQz31DBLBWxLEAUSo8w/tEMJtT11+lB3y++BE9EdSH10Su3oM/HAg2pBAF0D8KglM4dc1BpABtEd90PF5aPwoBbk4GF5qOAhSGnB4phhABtAW9ZHNo+mpJA/rHlHYT0I1gblAjInH/K2EGEAG0JYAWKNAJ8nrShlcg7SkL0JFj2Q34qD0CwP4Mc6UanFOYfrFj00vGQhI8YFpwOGZR5Gy4hj+GMDf9Mwp08k4FtziJWhkweMVHqhB87jtJXTBa29jA+JeuoqHARz3+pVguQX1PqfJd6gH+QgaceSgC6bjrt4zA3JJ/2XjZ3kYwDHzL7R2a5kKHjVRh6CehiY5r7WUF5tw1tV7ZkCertn78y86f8MQ15C47Qs0nWxA/wDnjgygV6G446ir98yAsD3beeWvF9Mvwg9b8t5tSNkRB4Oa7/sSwLCDMn9jArK4xwCOf7D32aCLtgNNaAscPw9AK4Ohz48DcQ7K/I0JyBO2ZzuH+liitVsdmkAvAvg60JByJEihz1SegIsaA/ih895OhL+tzsy8ui+/ubsxs/zqM9xb4VreOGQAT6qPGepyqdKohzcG9ZbVfYChL67I5Ag4xvnL/a++WvLd0LZdi6+379/TtH9fd79+vhpiALXhuvMj9eGn4m8SMjgAgmU4dEMYCJp/awp+A45/XA+1+f+ob7/wzWna5/ozZwNokUcz53PDpb/YfyWp25HqYwuiZDqZU6Ev7IEo/oc5BvDU8/jv2mPrvPPbnvPd+MPy3veFXx5o2g8CF5itWuujpi9fvnzoPABVxu9o54fQ00mr/woCEkN0X+vR3FHLCn2JgM4R8P88ADdPsej9cVmfua/dE8vl1z/J3+CaD//y+1vqHy/R799pAF4RJ06cpIbXAwOI4/UrDuR3huqGNp0we27nFTy9/c1S4cbnYl5+vzF/AkBHRsBjtwORbFGBo0eFjhTkepCnzj+cA+mpV2HgGMA9jQEc7zy/Ne3D397iqxNXsCPfgHvHSFkDvgb5rEVhPw1N1CA4DkLOayaAz+kBcCIA/lF7hSLk53kpQh45XISQ33inT631oDpM2xTvmuA3oR9F19OoVfwNV3sObACcKIBLL7/9cUl3a1d8D7f/pb/kNAx1/CXVxGWSZC/tfTNo71scDDRgo36E1DF6BWd2IUwEkKsrvsJzdA57+GJ9VapgbWHWtf5XJyei59TVmlbzlfjGKwJdxTlIBaBL1n8JUKaT1t07PeXILoTfCBBHARiamitLpA7UwjfL4zQPFQiKLHj0BLRp75v3Lec1x8a+swOyQKHtBgN4WgIGE4A62QtVrJnzHUxAS9HhjUCXHNdI91rOa4ULbnw1aUAeXV9dvS01LgN4Cn/DmJZTgOHMeRO7DwJBqJvo+xJTr0Lhr8Zp9NfRd+/ZAVn9Tvtmd40BPO3+HRbdZKDDSpsegzSUqPugC8kmPgszahWh00Z/JwXIrvxz89oeA3i6/i2iuE1AMAZZ/MB9C5j5M6DYwXrv1luupyshxu9MgFz7p/wyPa8zgO8RH1OhNyg7MrTufCAlrxTBRlI+/BrQEX0w0f0FX4UVVh9jA3KoFtX+mQF8n/i4vk7uulmc+ii1pNbo0cw5Lf2V9y9uvsSiHMrjx87O/I0NyHc3OQ3zQfHh9VCFww9+A+JiAMUwgI5Lf3egQ1W3tCrBuUOsPs4MyOafXLrumt1kAN+5f13y2UcNfVj6yGPepdGHhs8jo6H8EyMHmBzklB9v5CIvnbERwJsvlm+Vy18vv9hkAE8cNw16mNbEZY/yLj3IJxG5HBSx6x5rb/j409XuGQbw7IA82aUH4L3VNwzgCfWxRNukq9R3lYF9yrukoUltBy3wY9d9yrJ/Fqnkhd56ZCOAK1aDy7MVBvCE+linci9OF21BD1rkeG9C349JaAMq6DsUBlUddnbj1bkA8VkNBofrDOC76iNPy430GEQkiKaaOd/HxF9fGY/j+FGD0y/nAeTpS/X58ikDOKo+1KlR30sC2nj9ot1GAAZdrPpi73OUFiGR+tC5+DsuIFevTePH9DV2xzo6e5Ko0sCrlhtJzmTYE0E18puCHKpfCo0B5QmI9s+XOP0yLiCHhZX/Pnjw00rhkAEcCYANFdnaMJBhrylffVVIInlZVQ4mXZxVEdDr2MHLyQCy/aX8fepfbmsMoHWm1N2bxp7nGG6aMWQUrMAOrhr0qSZUVCcxtY3V4O6D8wKyefv2TTt//qd25kj34mh5EQYm7VpIiRJ0yOglqLaAJK2Vl2HayVrg63dsQH7Ypf/2xe5LBnAkAgbJV8gPvTjs08RlD3Lk91xVC990xaF1HjFuYwOyYS3uKbNDqnoATs25l+mpF0SJEY/AIDWcuGzSAmpa+CYMWrulziLTNj4gK3fV590VBlA72rcVARnpvGGAsKQvjtW2Bii3g55a+CbCNHlO9y/Hv/MAsm6pj21ORGvHGegd6LchITHEmSPyey5aI7/ptwYv5zj9cl5AfrXSp1d+ZQCPm+9rkB9AZEcKEPnY6+ClmwQ1ExwYffvx3Xt+QGZ3F/BjYXeWAUT5UYwVSQQX9yFawya/tlQfcTWFHqa2AzLdmOG7d0KA3HuqEtFP7zkbQGolfUKDbzou+6hL+shpvKtCn5TCnuPQpy/w3TspQD5TiehvNUcDOFz2geuO6piAxmUf5DRuWKEPRjcO8t07SUA2b9/etPPnf0Lig27aCCaghYnd9mHqe8GNl/Lvdoa6V2f+fgeAXCQAj8QHtTibAtVHUb792sqHg2oegl6AhYXybHma6WIAJy0+RtYdNQU2XqHsHSgnoj7XPBhAW9XHGlr/VRMU72JQEqg+8DIuqXmjNL/9GEBb1cfMEWcdMKAiUH14Vc8zVuXqnHdhAO1WH1G1WSEDJmS8pD6CVrd9lEpvzzjvwgDacP/iqkHd2jZTxSEjTwJiCZpEqo46jfO8EQNox9kTIhWsDbfN6FIEd3WAOKmPLav0wfNGDKAdZ7o8W15w0diHroY75FsvT+2nTVIfOxQH2WySAbTlLOpWVjmnbtogVdxw3VELBqQ+dBP/vjDNjz8G0Ab+xIjpZAO1rqcCcTTfwJbTkVlfFr4MoB337zD+kblGGrMw1QMww9h8XwM1EceJPwbQtoOW951MSu17Q2s/Ezp+8KP5BnngJ6xFHxz/GEBbzizdvQaZbwSx474G+R2ooekpLgPBWV+Xm99+DKAdB2tv/6AW5wyt/ijhZwsicdgn36EikOUfZ/4YQFsO1d6U9wEGui0wIYYJ6HAEBiVUH3XL75mHzRlAO/gbyoum2uvWBilDvHHYknIkQ4bjQq1cZbsNBtCO+/eo869DY27Y+xyEBLq/ZMETpL6DXrvOEZABtOdg51+TAtwAYvLCLcrQV4Uk5gB1eGvbzHV+AzKAkz9vaKWlKn0YkBY481uBIu1ayFl7qLn6ywDaJX/dBUqz9Kj0kZafHTBp6SCGvq0RvxcX88cA2iF/1c5VA0sf3Sh0RAaSogf7lJEpKfeXwrM7d9x8/zKAdsnfCt20JvQjsEXGV5iLNpQuxhrwE2aHAbTh/nWN7FyVF+4B5FOQSWHO2doCgnczPg7LzA4DOOm331RoT4hoJmC1v0Bd3r2BOsTI+Kqo9k8LbyWDdrtrzA4D+D/2rqg3rfSIUje615Pa2VhWLYcmBUK8qTG6DrJDqeRluVhGWjaidF0wWRaJUiqiClxLNWqWlRrlAcmSH1ZV3rvP/pedM3PBJNo8rPeiYmnug7ky1vfio5nvzJw5E/rdbyOOmjPJztVyk/LMQWIMRR/GVxjAVLM/x+p/BsC53f0c9dioUbtBNQ8GqKjEVNUNoWDLfg2Ac777HajLUJcu6tSH9p7TcBahzyGb/jAAzuvBxsHEqBQo/zLguv6Yqpe49bWD0Bf4DtmyXwNg+OxjW2bO+zp4Ce1zhXI+DbDsV9rBuo5G5C/7Nv1hAAydfaxivE2M7Ss0wmeKDvpULyP0jQPjq1IibezDADg39tGSlQsybjnkm2DKYR4ioa86Mb4y9mEAnCP7aMvKhQ5lPbpyUflD3eVMb4UXpj4wAM7n+Sfz3iYWK8jIbxrllwMqu1DdHwTOa4Eh0T1jH4sHkK/2VlffPJfXR9KcWrm/vvvi3e0BIAJgQoytOPRh15ZP4zSRg71vaIbAiSjWTMH4/vGOsY+FA+AXz4+OtuMP+O33ey8BwO82Nr9/tbdzawC4pPKWHExPr9rkMeXtu1kqQf7Cn6J7CVofjw0sC5oi1z+PRN5tPHjGAHwaX4tEHjpf3woABp6T8LeqggRfnHPYA/KKlJSac1G3HgXPpoFlIQG4s8YR8BevTiIA4LcufMz37t0GAE7KL7GouOteUm9MVTR/mY5UhX1UZrwPbP5yMQH4dtdZ5TvgX17/UgC4H8cvXz/SL1eWl5ffLSoAp+UXkN02Fn14Pg2k+XtOQ6k5t6z3tvAAXPnbN9vHD745fhj5EQDekf/cYgIQc2+OFxPT0zLTXidK6T7VuwiGY8pKTbqrvbd1c15b7Dvgq0cnruM4rvPsgxS8yBFQ950nROHMkc454KRbo8YAFRfsXMWyVccX79NNY78LDsBf/eYtPy+3jpiEHN4CErKz+fjxNox2KasrfZn21qTyPAIPgRH0zJpfG7xcYABu/+vvb7cd5YfPbksZ5nD1+vKXFtODJuUxeMlRcAS5vfee8s+S7wID8JNn8eNXQX1CAPjk/vqXf1rsQvTWjOM95d0SZZ0G1bB0JpDhixlgzAYvb00K/r+e/9PjHyRX3cDxnjMteO8ldUV4lVXTg1JgfGWDlwbA8O9/xxLhUN8bypQRFr4lKCGmB0U1PXCIRia8MgDOAX1LayeaeweybWZIY1n41qUGJ+Jr04NT7YCY8ZUBMNRnYnowFpzxja9LQ3hOigx/pFZY4kgUK7kWAQ2AoeNvRvlXBgkuetR2olQSPlxXZM40f63+YgAMNf/ucmgTbUtWWG6X6gUqogAtE5e+bmFNmvTUADif5w4HvVRdVi6cnTHluKReiaIe+sBOUHkuafP3S6u/GADDD4CrEBxQHBxkeMqRrklJzr++5N6yzAK7rlfDz+1Nq78YAENmv0ubMnAEnI0pMaRMGsKrMhPhhAIwZso/A+A82e+6NH8x+tumWot6HnjvKaVkGLihuhdT/hkA58l+87LdnDlIx6dBH7l3GOzbStYPjHwYAOeUfzn2OZJgUe67BAdhulsfIPe2rvdtIfRtmPLPADiXy9/wDKVln8rMeTNUwfDlEMKrBM1e/u7a3JsBMPzL36o4XiXE9vmCyi5CX4GKTfXAEtmB6V4MgHO9/PXUXKNNGYo6WPZRItUC5rT5u2G6FwNg6Kl3R1ofTuB4z4EOu46yVEIR2omq68aBNn8/MRwYAENPvRufuq6XFT/nkVz1YDhUJE+K0cXAcEgt2e4bDgyAIYa+aeqFuiApk79RKojhUJt8WfbRDgyHkgnHHO8NgOGGvnWk3poTLPvoiu6lQTUxHDqnitz66jr3FthCrxgODIChsg4GmOiqzsR0sk/nWPELw6HJyO9gdu5ty2BgAAwl/06XrAZTHSC7FZSbq5j3hfnVZOTXvy5AO4Y/A2A4zxJmyesQVDHTiMbE2Q9DHldUq8J1LepMR37z0YT4PZ/cP7H8awAM6fmvQK6nhT9EuD61KYvmb6lP9Tyw6FEgvIqb6N4AGHYGPhbk1dVWCGOWY0pEKV1Q140MDXXkN22iewPgnDIwkKdVlixYSJtqRSoAeRz+fN3/e917M92LATDE8Le09ljre6gzp+iSBpJ72+Sh+duh1KUQY3Eit+avATDk5/BYQZWSy1+HsvBZy3O0O6fMUP2em6L8y0jrw9225q8BMMRn4vfCTHfEOKvRFdyuunTO18Cq+D2nJsq/tLEPA2Do8e9a89yEyzhf98B5L6nqVqkVBe1oqu2LbZsxAIZ+91ta4fwb8wuSYIcoOXPS5Usf5t74N03RvTTU9sXYhwEw1Eeav8fSWzuTn4ketdDz4EtfB8VoTx2gORqiCiPyVNs2YwAMDX/TmMZ3vJK4neZo2IHTUIr6MBxH4Q+6l6oq/45XTHVvAAwl9WJ4fGXa/I1p5ZlDX5JOa4h5TbpETboUuG7kVPn3mf3HDYChhL71ST6N5Z1g4rKH8gvcxhMIdg0qA3nQPudU+5y2dUcGwNBTL0e6RGC3O8awG2JhAwNvdd18Du2z+D1nPDM9MACGRXuRej0RFXR0y2+CUkwypNuWUovxQSA7YAA6ZnpgAAyd9nYpFdO7XTQOa8lLaroy6zsicTutBrKDjCw9svKLATDk3FtRL7+ExrsmZSjllvFa0bpLbiI7yIvd6bGZHhgAQ8i/U9oLtX1Vccj0Nx2lEgp/sDm4UAfoAs2GvmdWfjEAhvBAcZWrFPTuh7VujMMm9Zl9nPJbRqRYvtJeZ7Ls13KvATC0Z19YBRZs1bTDUaDUmHxmHAP3iloy8NahrCTd83LJWh8GwPDOB/39q5ac0+AYbTTfqnSO3tuI0/CQYyEG3txCXqOeqO43LPcaAMOjv7s6aJREma8HILYpk6OKuJ2OaXbW13KvATCs8993O+iTDJsXKV+mgxJF00k6TULpUn1vx+XWuomeDYChnK9GLxz70pJaB2JzysiLXZGX43vgAZUzdK7NkML1pW/HnMYNgGGcPw19zkg6G0M6Zfpboyuo7eG2wflX3E49NZt0ntilzwAYyvnqsbY+AWBOXSaLNKAGhM5Q21c46TpMh9EBKehAnKntDYDhnK9Nt085puViwXbVtjjdJxloGHHzaSCtj7J2fZ2g9WErBg2AYZx/3XTr6QrLc/GUZL7B9z8Ho0cZqkjSPQ26vpc68GYR0AAYwvnSdHMmTbe0yloYbj2qO1HqYNAIl76i7v09E1Gqh78/tvufATCE89F060VRVolH1WWSKMsJd8i5t0wZZFuo7YfqQjnT9T20/6kBMITz9+W611BVAXJr4DIJj7UrukBWhtp+oOMeLfP6MwCGe/6J9DxSjq6XScjEJV/yZN5oSEUgD2r7vtLjXlD/O7b4ZwC8wfnBgpjJB0rI+7LEgzqibkGd+YL8Afkyb9TSmIhhc0gCD6JRFAh/Z/U/A+DNztdex12tuxzqvFFc7nYA2JCGjDqnTPketaoQ3fv6BZyIhKZ0RPZiTuMGwJudf9f98achY0VOSnR+eTpzMnTeQrZFO7gkubfimtO4AfBnnj+jcp4M+TYSWn5pUNX18LSZcQAACw5JREFUqIzCX5Xq/NoGD0H9RT3Wktdek8Y+DIA3OH+yTDCmGwOTddlY3pXORpqiPtPbFg2YbaThOVSgorQ+OsGWGX1eOOY0bgC82fni6reL21w5rf4axSD3+ohzI3ibwtaPYcdXQN3wFpOmW2vGZXLFnMYNgD/xfOW7E1c/2Bb0Xd1onpadbjDV6NEF51zortwrbBmMTze8uZ5fMpdJA+DNz1fa+4eZbq9Yiyd1f3lBlyvUqcs5N0kjEOEWPiA7mMm91vU1AH61t7r65nlkZesfuy//85B/sXJ/fffFu4+f/8Eut+SVH6x0u9K7HyJhl9owkyxSvkTZPmqALSrigyOhbngzl0kDoD5fPD862o4/ePr68OiPb37gX3y3sfn9q72dj52vu9ymEj8oXEo63HumW1XR87igapZKmPPgy94YPQ9fv4DswLdxDwPgB8/65/LxW/fXkafxtUjkofP1R86/Dn0xsQpCTq1NhS7uKQ0x69ukJEc/D0n3jE4xANIPWh9j/fPVDRu1NABOk+pa/IG8bPJJ37p/5re9e/rVyvLy8ruZ82cqfnVxrupoZAuELsxBYOSC0NegGmzuZdGvp0PASR0GRsD8bMe6bgZAfd7uOqvP5e3JD/+ORPbjeH39SL+8I1i7Ph8Sq2Re3exFvVzTNm/+f+2d709TyRrHBwpnGOhZscUuv4SCrAgohRaRTbn+6pa7S6uAhWVBIYgcgWYRZDEglyxpWBI2G9MXfS8veMV/eec509aK3Jv0nNOa3Xw/iaGp+uUw/TIzz8wzz4jHS9JnI2JJRh3mcQ8ZgCzQGcunqrb9w+zWh7ZEM0EU+YMB87iNFz0J6gHd8VDNRQMW9oDUaT0xC0nez14maFawGqfoY1C825E94oJ4RHseVF5yQ3Qs0Wj7l/p3fmnAgugXRf5gwELWpN/cH0It8uXnQ3CBfq0vv+CSu0xwmfy1QJtq0m60x/tY3KA9D7rWd1Wc9FLXt5E9aCTMchwo8gcDXmrAOum/zW162e2PXBqE5KOPv9RCyoma2z0X/bT0vC9mHomNMUr1GxcPyXkj4nmuyJ+Zb7AxfAPRLwz4JT27yVSP1tgX970OBoPuS5dhHhSerdxXBU3PRbMMaynckI6jzQ4ZctDcjy+JFXIeLUm/UZV3zbwEzdyp030o8gcDfsaVAX9irZEl8zsTXfXe2NTnC9HSMzIaWd6hhRdt2Fzx03rFz9JZ/dJkS6q8wYh4Skd9+Y7Yoc2OXPG1MbX8kjvugegXBixeX3FuZlAtq3SCZdErZ3lmSWcZfcjgQ3Z5++ZtlsdimHzYnis0tLA1hoQrGNC+AdtV1CH7vF75dUYsUTIphRvHYpLi3VGxdU6zwklVeoiWpmcKwg4c94ABLev/7M/e4zFD27w7++KGdN3GfbGvUbgxKY7JktKgzRT2/qqiE8rIGi1Yd8HQCwNa1u+dzOYZrJpV/aicy77ol6PwQ5oODoo3Zrw7rFb8+rNLzseFC3/IOoAB7Rjwqbnu0kzHibbE/ROx0t4sbssub4WWWMhx52rMfa4OAZsFXm4fj2LdBQZ0xoBb5glKKuD8UPRqHaLjPq0ub4l3lOiSu0xwydyUoz2684I9jwSyDmBA2waUU7wxOQOUPdyKeMdXxQJl2vM3sk8cVFnQq2qFukOlBv6KyxVgQCf1VSGrX+gGaTkFlC93zHqS77JXaQ2rqGNV3ewmwxUNYy8M6KT+iezTpPM0IW7TySLzbOWIKm/QrmpfjanEmIIzlt8j4w8GdEr/kezvyHnjchSW8a6cAJp5Bo9U1EE9obnZdrJSeMYXex4woFP6csxdFsN+fi42KMCgzZBhVXPITO4bezpYUN7AhyVnGNBhfTnm9pPzdsRzinc1dcURxSUrX1Tj+A49HwzotP6oGKeN3/xFMo+zx8p/GS+Y9AVQ3gAGLJF+uxAU/ZrbvDNqxc/s+rT2wguNUN4ABiyRPu8VvbTSMqjyEWRELD5ll3ojiHdhwBIb8I1y3o1sTatJKrbxaaUPsz4YsMQG3FHOuy3M8hpcG5nJpVghuxmUwYAd2Sr2W2qzDSlWoLwGzB3sGJ1sR4oVKL8Bl5tFP+7xBV/NgHx5pMB5XqRYgbIa8MmFrg9hLyirAWsiqs+rxYof+CoGvHAPDQBlNiAAMCCAAQGAAQEMCAAMCGBAAGBAAAMCGBAGBDAggAFhQAADAhjQMbp5pgaA/0mGd5fUgBkOwP8lU1IDVmS6C92ecez3Bkr/DKXuTMXfcbyHEpTQHFCCAaEEAxaBu8oNJShVoQwaAAAAAAAoHbtTc/ye/Bqsm4uFo/TOxFpA93QxNn2g6wfT1pWyd2RH7Cux4EEiEKLK/LaVjA8J/WaweKWXp4FEnARcVXMxTxNN1Ou9gXjGCaVnHp2b/9+uUkv9emygvtuJZ7p+FkvE71ho8aK521lLH5Hr0NMWvT6wKP2nHzVFIzIKCm9OTGxOWVfqC0p+CyzaV2J7p23Gb1ravtLi2YdUKn5aUbRSuKHp9RQ9ypFem/p2roax//ga02uhPgeUZo+OlAHtKqWqfzLer1c7oMSe7SbT8YHifzpL0EcU5dL3fd4HjB12qnfv8DbpRh61rkSErjihFBiSb8kXtpXmNdm407zRktI232WuuSPZ+enPWLf/KmOt2rx9JUmlaUAnlBiL+PscUnrNDUtKlgyYkt+Msbk6FuRvDxOeXcYe6PR3eoNlJeIF/8EJpfBUS8XVgGFf6SdNdu1dWpUlJYOn5B/ZD7N4HXtveib0jX2lvAGdUJIqCYeUFj+euS0pWTKge+DmtPuI70m3exvSH/1R9nKd/m79pWUl4tYmzTBsK3WHuV9vdEBpW3+yuFjPr1tRcsU9jP3AW+XLH/fYkJ/e23NAKW9AJ5RYy0CnI0pvA3zdsNbilgzIXoS4Fg6H5TP00G92T+5bH1lWknTprz41rA2l+tPG11V6ygGl+TOuHZzesqJ0ayCT/4jCXxjQutJFA9pSqjkMux1R6o7uxk+7LLW4NQPKb7nN5CeT5DTfuvmH5eEuryQZ8m8zZl/JoCkcW7vuyDNtT7PEnxaU6n1Jc6CyPwRfULIxBH+hVHO41uWMEsX5gavlG4JNonJO7ZrrVD2gOf1sK37Cn1eSeKrz4YwdpRSnBYG9Hx15Jia9Ey1ayVU/Z/5b19yfuSAkUhCE2FH6PAixpVRz6FlkjiiZBow1WGrx4lhMp/ls+hqLVBr3Bsgvs3rE6IzJ4T8cmpgITdlQkr9Q6iO3q+Re97QZr/hdB56pYcIY8v67+Ge6pVcGg8GuS5dh7CoF0w/4brrFvlLNYciQ7zjwTMbLF9cm4t5g8S1eNJXmanEdm/X5BzrNHIgjX+Bwl6azv+v679N2lHp8KpXWtlK0OhEIDTmh9F3Cv/7KVbySWlRvyC7Vpmh+W++NTWWcUKrKvWNXSf20PGlfqTWc8Pv+iFpocQAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKca2ZyXRv9WtoC/A1yFAGSDJwadYRigSA0tMQSLrW4k3hQOJgm7H5Q907ZdDBvogn1oDWAaUn7nmbuJbouZPeW2OstjaajocqpAHPapOtaBxQeoIJrfYbmglmstmX2zwlDTiLlgHloXOTTfkDEn6XGd+e6fQ1SYf6ACgHVSEWrjaIRba513inid+TBkyjYUDZDNiz3me+bOG7jO3CgKDMBmxN/KvNmL/SV+E9MN6fwoCgzAZk0Q96bP2jizVuxkKVMCAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD8M/kvkI+NOItS63kAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

##  1.7.3. Gaussian Process Classification (GPC)

The `GaussianProcessClassifier` implements Gaussian processes (GP) for
classification purposes, more specifically for probabilistic classification,
where test predictions take the form of class probabilities.
GaussianProcessClassifier places a GP prior on a latent function \\(f\\),
which is then squashed through a link function to obtain the probabilistic
classification. The latent function \\(f\\) is a so-called nuisance function,
whose values are not observed and are not relevant by themselves. Its purpose
is to allow a convenient formulation of the model, and \\(f\\) is removed
(integrated out) during prediction. GaussianProcessClassifier implements the
logistic link function, for which the integral cannot be computed analytically
but is easily approximated in the binary case.

In contrast to the regression setting, the posterior of the latent function
\\(f\\) is not Gaussian even for a GP prior since a Gaussian likelihood is
inappropriate for discrete class labels. Rather, a non-Gaussian likelihood
corresponding to the logistic link function (logit) is used.
GaussianProcessClassifier approximates the non-Gaussian posterior with a
Gaussian based on the Laplace approximation. More details can be found in
Chapter 3 of [RW2006].

The GP prior mean is assumed to be zero. The prior’s covariance is specified
by passing a kernel object. The hyperparameters of the kernel are optimized
during fitting of GaussianProcessRegressor by maximizing the log-marginal-
likelihood (LML) based on the passed `optimizer`. As the LML may have multiple
local optima, the optimizer can be started repeatedly by specifying
`n_restarts_optimizer`. The first run is always conducted starting from the
initial hyperparameter values of the kernel; subsequent runs are conducted
from hyperparameter values that have been chosen randomly from the range of
allowed values. If the initial hyperparameters should be kept fixed, `None`
can be passed as optimizer.

`GaussianProcessClassifier` supports multi-class classification by performing
either one-versus-rest or one-versus-one based training and prediction. In
one-versus-rest, one binary Gaussian process classifier is fitted for each
class, which is trained to separate this class from the rest. In “one_vs_one”,
one binary Gaussian process classifier is fitted for each pair of classes,
which is trained to separate these two classes. The predictions of these
binary predictors are combined into multi-class predictions. See the section
on multi-class classification for more details.

In the case of Gaussian process classification, “one_vs_one” might be
computationally cheaper since it has to solve many problems involving only a
subset of the whole training set rather than fewer problems on the whole
dataset. Since Gaussian process classification scales cubically with the size
of the dataset, this might be considerably faster. However, note that
“one_vs_one” does not support predicting probability estimates but only plain
predictions. Moreover, note that `GaussianProcessClassifier` does not (yet)
implement a true multi-class Laplace approximation internally, but as
discussed above is based on solving several binary classification tasks
internally, which are combined using one-versus-rest or one-versus-one.

##  1.7.4. GPC examples

###  1.7.4.1. Probabilistic predictions with GPC

This example illustrates the predicted probability of GPC for an RBF kernel
with different choices of the hyperparameters. The first figure shows the
predicted probability of GPC with arbitrarily chosen hyperparameters and with
the hyperparameters corresponding to the maximum log-marginal-likelihood
(LML).

While the hyperparameters chosen by optimizing LML have a considerably larger
LML, they perform slightly worse according to the log-loss on test data. The
figure shows that this is because they exhibit a steep change of the class
probabilities at the class boundaries (which is good) but have predicted
probabilities close to 0.5 far away from the class boundaries (which is bad)
This undesirable effect is caused by the Laplace approximation used internally
by GPC.

The second figure shows the log-marginal-likelihood for different choices of
the kernel’s hyperparameters, highlighting the two choices of the
hyperparameters used in the first figure by black dots.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_gpc_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_gpc_0021.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

###  1.7.4.2. Illustration of GPC on the XOR dataset

This example illustrates GPC on XOR data. Compared are a stationary, isotropic
kernel (`RBF`) and a non-stationary kernel (`DotProduct`). On this particular
dataset, the `DotProduct` kernel obtains considerably better results because
the class-boundaries are linear and coincide with the coordinate axes. In
practice, however, stationary kernels such as `RBF` often obtain better
results.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_gpc_xor_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAA+gAAAH0CAMAAACZ9vcfAAAACXBIWXMAAA9hAAAPYQGoP6dpAAAAOXRFWHRTb2Z0d2FyZQBNYXRwbG90bGliIHZlcnNpb24zLjMuMiwgaHR0cHM6Ly9tYXRwbG90bGliLm9yZy8vihELAAADAFBMVEWBPAfx8fGFPgd/OweDPQcwA08tAEv///8uAU0AAADs7fOxWSimzuPn6PHw8PT86Mv67Nn+4Lj58OL95MH94rzh4u7e3+2KQAf9zIwxBFL+1qCHPwfr7PL76c/t7vPZ2+v76tQ1CFfc3uz85cXp6vHz9PXi5O/9uWYzBlSTRgfOzuX9wHTk5e/m5/D8tV/My+NAE2q5tNf76dL85sf49fHsmDM4C10EAwP9w3r29vb9yYe2sNTEwd71qUx7aqiOQwb+3rL3rVPBvdzV1un9vm/58eb+2aj57dw6DWF1YaPmjST+26z57t7CZgrLbgz6slqcSwamnclPI4HQ0ObGw9/okSqGerHW2Ory8vVLHnr48uj+0Zjf4O1TJ4f+3K+5XgfT0+jIxuEqAEf+2KX+05uro8zggRPRdA+jTwbzpUaimcaYSAa8t9moUga0WQZcNY/+zpJ4NwYIBguZj7+zrNPunDpwWZ/YehE+EWZHGnRjQpRmR5dgPJKWjL39xoHihRjg4OOKf7RtU5ygTQbUdxCsVAb9xX7vnz6elcPkiR5/cauPg7f48+2Cdq1XLIvGaQtqTpqxVwYNBgI+HgaTiLq+utrxoUL+0JWtpc4WCwMPAhlGIwgfBDMqFQYfICP9u2shEASbkcCvp88XAyfOcQ7cfhJcLQ4yNDfafRIlAz4NDQ/t3sm+YglRJwkTFBZoMQXm5udITFEzGghdXV7KyspAQECxqdFaMouRhrksKihDF298fHzAwMCgoKBsa2wZGx2sq6uXTSF8OQZsNxg2QEm8YQmmUyUkKTGJiImJRR7q5d9JWmN7Phu3t7eStcj8/PxieYahyNzr4tZVanXa2uCawNPW1dWJqrt/nq5sh5V2kqGSkpKZmZkuCE367tzu2Lrw061XT3FnXoPajjMrEUZPPSb67t8yI0l6dJTloEynkXR5VCfvu3pKOmo9KFvvxIzusmjEfCeKdlupayNqWUSUZzDvzJx8SA2zhEr58unOpnKopr3BrI7avJTVw6mB8QeU3UTVAAAgAElEQVR42uxcy7KjKhs9jizeIXVGO89g+Vo+gU/ilCoGlhY4oPDC0AnlJOUkeZifD1Bx59bdJ/vvzm7WYHfaGATWt/gukPwTBwQEfHv8E6YgICAIPSAgIAg9ICAgCD0gICAIPSAgIAg9ICAgCD0gICAIPSAgIAg9ICAIPSAgIAg9ICAgCD0gICAIPSAgIAg9ICDgjxU6q4eM4A5ethQnKLeXczokQ21edsLdWsCfadQf4CLymmjy9WWLEErKmsFrCq8HOrvLGtDexEfdJMqfd8w+o6h/ajhN8+BNRXmCtv9WApcEX6atg9Dvpn8vQ/gKArH4xM9sLxhKuUjv9aVF7c3rqXDXBZ+e3/0IZ54UYrq+fqoJaZg3Kw0h9cl8oi6QM4qKlhlenpkWaIROkMprZj9VFpIWWUFP7y70tu9aRc2YRVE3zk7mEnetpPrtDgavZCoOevD5GB9JL9uR8IXs86zt5DgeFu5G1p7LDKaFZoy1XQETCZc14Oq5PP6Y0Ed7zyuFTguKPaGrQSjVJzReOwjW3ybzWwn9CwiUYsi63UOk1SRQqp9Ff1boH8gKqCLSuxqx6GcHOyLRjsn1UlwNXKqGrMzNpFGSD6BhjmlpjSLlQ6fqxHWxH8ycxc06mqupssB113aczG8udDeYAdb6VV16dpwdVH3T05qepgseB4FlPB0s8YshqKbHAo/pwjQw2RleKbFXLstl408GEf82oQO9ntAPk72S+x3UY38zl/4FBMYHvF/uFqEbShvknGD6s0IXw/SfRnnIemMZV6ITiR52VK6apaVeQ/JE2Enh1ijOELFNHFuXn0grdJkstng1Ve6y+ZPQbyH0utipq0Xbgs5IogyrDaIrTTkat0lG/GNjGqZnRv1qFQya2nQkDUlW6HoJtpGUQDMlJYX1PaIQcmm7ECaWbrXQFc74zr9ITHQsBTf3hc4TdIMCEx2Dr0JPR56UtHomdBetAf2+0EcSvZ/QX0sg0GYCHWBIwRwBOkepMLRInIl4rokjZ66zslcgdEONJcIRlJuP0zgtjd4vnBAulmXhUiS8o4Xp0lhkzTyJgdRAnmwgxzh+5iquvL4vkbZxB33mxjeZBSFu3KQ4oTfczlBlvHvvpiAl4vFUuSc0by/0aarOyWVnJwLJOiMgoXWV63arXLcKo73hEJSZQkqmKZ0bG7rLScMstfEi9A7V0kZS2tKEOmfaQKYmG5UotNDzHkmIpYuBdzpa9DyFtkHVdvrmiBOhZK/fop1SYyacfU21vn4ZIDidNtwTOk0O0MEyIU3r2lfvJfLXE6gxFJDFYCkbfaUa0Zmxygm9RidNS9G1bCZFZ9OGqtRhMS32Ql8IShWikLi1ZmYl6lV76Z3QL6hWHS+M0PWi3pWcUnUhINzxrO/bCUwgI3vjuX1mUxsxnBdXP6OzvT31hT6YjinTCVEcl7Wuxp89+n6qbA0g6d9e6D1Ci5ksdtIjQnV6XVZ38paqxNOdFE9Oact55Co3CA3tVuvSOTqvF6Gnpa3NYSBkNOsxsHCxmdgWumf6n7Ts/Zg+WmhXvrWL0tmXNMbKoCnbB0BzR+jKMMh03tpxu5xPSLyX0F9MoMsFNBsY6ikTH7zQfZo+zkhTVpjQngI5cZ1FEJSZoH4n9JUgF7pbZ9oTL9CfBpBZnhihQ6XubEq2/cLx1PpxOpiIE263MotWHy8R241idDmGE7rVKoP3mKZ6EbpIjg9zdNONhuRvL/ScqT4ZP9lJbaZE3K5EHnh5ul+01eLOl8oNkw1ha61Lr6+ELkJX1svDIm2t5KJpEehg4kpP6NgWRPxEsJGGQMzXSw2B51bWvsAcNWABz9mC+bbQGcFrphkNtkFC30voryVwE/rRZGAmJV6EbjdPqoUWs1brN5XjotsLfSXICb1Hk7mJyo9F6LOriBWOdbfUX8AiTrSEx3melTqh68ceVmbZKvRuETq7L/QJ3psw3bKXMzo9rLrbsE/Gby90Q0FS7SM/E/oMtwth/+Jyvlt2HVkrElPStXFeWmI/BbarKgh9XZJz/bgPd5Em5jO+0OurGptsMsSllzaxpJEtE/ABuLHZnPiz0J2VOPJdY/pg2H+2V38ZgVvoni/yaf2q++ztetoKFRQELBefcvSVoEXoiVUTThBk/iB0V0xwObpXzmXxcSguLZNetWGJxf9z6D6SUxTpNSaalkXlMWjSxd9D6MtaaO1kko/sJMKExQ/tZHQ5+hoDbkIf6s2jn+2CnHpCv+HR6xvF9LStdYdXh9FnqaHVCZ2WqxN/Erprnf8bXwk9e8Oy+2sJtMW4Y3Ll0cm++nXTo3O6iOuzR3cpdhwfFU7ya4++F7p9pvKF7hXjdqH7nWJcfa8Yt5oF8/z+A52j36fzFwud7h1ClDWG7PGmO7hvJo6mqYDdDWsVR1L4Qm/wIvQj6beF+mNV/5qju+X5ptDtmi2WEl1PJnMAwgl9jeCehe6s5Ad/ZCZf1HZ0fj+hv5ZAt72Gh9Tl6LaCdSV0mlXXOXoNepqTJt4IilwOsflOWByucvS90JWhsfZF5m2v7UL3R9trm9Av6/ba3GpI1Lew8PTlU51f4vcXet/LVlJDRCX1i4tszVxS1Q3F4fr+FFtPfHpkJ2aL0hyYkQ3IZhO6SNK16p5Q/WjR+0Lfqu76M72pul8JXdBON6sNMeJkNFX3FtVK4lXoU10KqMtfpVW5lDWSkoENUDhUUioYijZWKmR7ccU4id7qxMyrCdS5lxJDBpNnqu41cJejumWHK6HPhO+q7gMou9MC6vhgq+6WoLjgiuW6FVAMhQ5jUl1X3fdCPxAuoZDve1NzYCZ7eGAGmvIPzDAp9Zsy/3xgZs3Ref2s1kmX9eSdhd41sLHUbZU0G+ReYCf6VqExd0EPfRj5YRLZ+KhspJ/5xSfHIzTd1mUy1NIXevwvJVnDjE8VQ2I2bD8LXdVDUtZA17qP3vGsGLtF6PE08ozw/nQd3y5dz+HPEv3pwY+YLCd3Y8rfK2h/MYH+EdhlH13HV0Wy7qNvQod99MTtozdZSW20PRYZbv19dN0QzuCBTe06bE5Ge/vosMX1Wegxw7pJtg+bHxyBzewRWCP0mDWZOwJLV5LtEVgV74V+Qk/qbIVtoPgWofv/D/UPVLq6XzgE/TJE5BIHfA1kcjsdjsrfVxYRxfRHz9m7Cn1OHsZAclRKkOY3dnD3vYuA1wJfCbqCEww4+23ZUkS6OAj9S0LNR+fOJqVj6KG/dQb10z7Zl+HMgh6/bpkfP9MX6fyN1I/n/CuZZ2MchP5HAT3MLQO+L1q0FVP+Pvx1Ql82U/Jg+X8ZooX6QxB6QEBAEHpAQEAQOiBHz6sSHXL7XuuP89wDLe4+pttSr2UDE057eMfZVhTUfcButD/B59NzrOektF89lbB1W3t7dmanHbfbXrobvED8L7Gf78e3+XK89+XSlvJscGW+C9amsFSB5wSxIPTHxBP3LYZnG2An9jPEs/w+8SkcXPsl4nt8bpU9QXkWcBhrPRMF31gfWyU085VJ/hp3GI5lZRD6u/Kdl1yqejv+UjeXhXSBeqUa99aEhyD0Z8TTzHzTHPMbxKc/9pgbxNu2bxPvHO0vEG8+MvHV10TbrwGd95v5R2fHE+6bIPR35buHg/cTX3+typzNOZrfi/sfe+fz2kaSxfF04l2lFmwntpPAxJazsWXw4GFDLCJ0cmDJZmBzCMxhggnLsnMJmDmsTslNEPamy+7edRUoICRkHRRJLZOTGBCGxeginfM/+LZV9V51d3VXt362I7fq2y3lh6xW288ffV9VvX5q875DRajV6rT7GnT+t2opVefrneVKseisQWyRZmbArpgY8MDbDZxEY6GaaCfEUzlituqZOkuYLqp5mkX1hqZy5UL+gtdNts2EnMpZvabSjTwutJ93rCpPVnTZVbeLgwtfOcb2deauvkAtPKlGPrGAoEcl3tAMznRBzAOK19rx+F9kzloadBbtdmnQNVnPgUS+1O+aeWfgT6v0pzkoGjzwdgMnaCxULuVFOyEIfL5w1q2lLlinUpo6V1j5U2Dge+3CbixdKPWbfe6xjsCLXlOxSqrR7fBuEfQcu4NSe5c9XO0O2vxtu+ZqLHEOHRJi5+dZ07poK0vMRillN6IrFLk79TLd2OKBHpl4Q9bRkC81M7iN91ODeNnM8KFbrRrToMNP6pS/MfZifX5toikFnnX2KVTFhX+igRM0FoJLFSt24Nm1gmXR++T8PG8GB75brNB4dnhazS5jdAbe7jXV4Y8OsAMla6JiZCr8cDzwKfnbauCL1LGpFYwRSZEP5/BXAo4EbUcWD/TIxLtSTHDyO3JCx5keZAgpwdU5xbIGHeytDiwMrH7NLShChHfhvNmjkeWBtxs4Yb8nu/kABJ6nSm0Tsi74AIesfTR34E3oc1Crs4cT7P+cqVxM9JriQy+ahQ8gWjRh68KB7HzcLpccECyu7rGmVk3rV463+OUtkq1f9VinVF5E0CMT7yapXJQbKQl07LTTypjNbpUmbLEsu2RJg27//Ng/oVtuj/7km9Dyif2AOiWzDmmSo4ETjIEc7YRwzCZmWEyaf52esiexOGahkbM78CXokZ+3S11dyy12ryn2UthigZ4kXuxWqFnfCsF1oZazd+d5XUDcg0U0/CU6h5n2bKZvGEatbqQXC/ToxLtVIqTekVtP8W8ybnd/rhRokPukaWjQVe/wBrR8YoEvp1huxmLoaOAEgfe8w1uBh2mwNgY+DR+K4g58t1A65UexSl0VgR/lHT4tPnSlJXfdx9aCrNNQ3TG3i22XrIpqc7FAj1C8z3sX1idYQIAbOFRrwTxdwnpbKWrQg8ds9HHWBJQH3m7gBIH3jNmswPPLjbukFjxmM3jH2E4m61xucQW+y6mUx2xxx5hNmkxPSV3405ajU5/gqTusvFUyvG+cwdoLNev55sVigR6dePMoOj7ZR3DOJl+5o1O6T1mQG2TQXGDQq2dM2XK7bc/CDtyzsI4ZTkcDJ/jpemZhrcBXM/1mp9R2B97kr1i2ZmHTFTqMThTanW53UD1VBt47C7spz8LakzNnqUITm0wXOuyiZ94pijcguSjatRXyh+0s0Bg9avEus3Zg+TzLABqsTKZDKqIFVCVldmm8O57vayFBF5cC2uuq2UqxWOnadQ5y4B0NnERjIdZOiHcAdAXeqJYyNd5dSAo8wY9dstZV05VMN5Zo1FPFullWB169rtpO1WFd1bHcUrXaScfMelGUwEKnIV4tCSWRHamdzQKBHrV4x2ulVN7cBS9v2l2/Y/wzuoqlguINbAFB91WHjHdhqFlMx7Sur3S8Fw/0fr/bbYzxMZKNQfPMvG4faKSl473ooLdoxptvjP6G3alnUvW+js11lY73IqfuWlpaGnQtLS0NupaWlgZdS0trfNCzhtY3UlbddTyt/OIZLEjpUM9bqNWxTocBepZofTMpV5/T/1F+bXvq8OtQz1uofWI9dahVoBuk99sI+l+gPoUvfCXXaZUrhDTLtrKyLmav7FgqB+mCKK+HMsg/VSJTXzzlc+Bvry9KLaF+5fovIc8+M/3jWsoneuqQTB1qNei/JblyqEvQ8Qunjl8cU704XhP6CttL1CvQy5d32H4H9Qj1dEvaVlXaEo8+xSfhMfDIr/AV+bnQG5xzMl0gJJ5Op9+gVkCbqF3QstAPoIMDuvvdfnBJPBePJY6Jr/AHoTjXitAb3GThWSZAZV/Qb3g1G9BvzKWWZN0EPUD9m4uC/v4D023U72XdnmsFgB5GqP1AzyHpRi6Zu2Ss0/1YFgK/5pIFOMgiHDYLdFlbSolHxXPwIOLQ+ILifPCc0yWa5zhBj/PNB3Sb3gP/20Eg6MubFPXNTcH5psw5BR1OwEcadA36twQ9SQk3wM+Ny9wxBZ3eB4OOju4Duov0SUBnz2cHskCHV7RAZ+ecS5YJqaWDHH1ZBfpB4OYL+jI4+iawrgbdzfgbeRsN9C9LXn3RoEcS9C9hhDrA0Sk1OcjeL2Gb0tH5bSrQH90ZwdGbhFQDHB0w9zr6OKQvOy19mZO+G7Kjf7nplQY9oqCHEergMboBqKOlz8LRn07v6Hd8HZ2ecDLZIqQzvqMHQT6CoztJVzl6fGpH16Br0EMBPZdEOzc45cfDU/fhY/RpU/dgR89BGtIg5Gx8RxdEq3Zf0JfhUFcxRr/10KtbGvRIgn4rjFD7gM4Bxxn3XDDZr/wsHOQieRW3w9XVVXFjfwTKnobnEtjjC4plgKTBOE9WCTlloK/IVm6RDTa9h7on9Fa1sYf32CbrAOUzCS8rHnfNvisn4ZF3DfpIoP+Li4L+I19ec4F++1pobkBnkB9LTq7O1X1AfyRydRfoQoeCc/aXwyGCLxoGOuc8WSOkHAQ6WLQCdAXpnHIG+3igS0P2eNzO4VXOLmXwvqDfeODVDQ36+88f6BYx0G+EEWp/0JNsul2ahBvP0ZF0d26Olo6sbx2isQ9zdH7zA/2Y7wxzaup5UkxM6Oiu/S33c6+hDwN918/RJc7Hc/QlBehLGnTq6B8i5+hLYYTaD3TDmm4/ntTR1ak7JuGWo+P9MEPnqA9N3dkgPUPqFPOEv6NzuUDfY1jfvyff031votTd19FXJnb0pQdHnk2DHk1Hp6DPPtSBqTvHfLaOLgydevnW4SfG/Kehho75vb+j88q4F7BQkMVl9PEdXZi4ff+Wcz526h6Go9888uqmBj2SY/SbYYTaD3ReFIfz7bMco2/Jjm4N1Kd1dEjdc2wZPVWd0NE54ffFHY7R58TRWfAfuG4a9Gg6OoI+21APd/TpZt09jo4jdBydH4r5uKGOHjBGxxMz+GzcGSGN9BSz7tIdGPrMZt2ncPSHCkd/qEGP5Bj9YRih9h+jJ3NY+Xo501n3rVVg3Xb0w5Fz9yFj9Bybi+sQMggEPcjR+eBc3InUfe/eHDj6g32vHmjQI+noNNZHMw+1D+iXfHQuA+5j5a51c1ES45p9E8juoNbZvo7aWN8IlPg6fK5YoRMXs62xbe0VVPOZhHR57YmoW0EKBaRvQfdRj21t8x3/wH+g8IvxuW9FFhDMvcvZxfkE1s0EgH7k2TTo5NkTpsiB7ol1eKDnHFb+ItDKXZNvHtBh84DOwQXI2X0w6BvwdRbocEx8PXzbWYNiPlYvMwHo2zLgLtQ9oEMCMAR0ydht0OPKFF47+kSp+5PPdIueo+9foaMHgK52dPnytCGOLvx8Y4duDPSAnb8T7CgdnS3ifQVHX8slRL3MNI6+LUEfiqMry2Y06JM5OgP9dxr0yR3dMd0+qqOrU3dfR7dYH+7o64GO/tVydLrXSebNJKBLVu7K3Gft6CvjOzobtJ3I+/6RBv3HJ5TzqDk6xHrGoQ4A/TIXoqMD5DuYuKNzq5J22IPG6OyNhzr6V14XlyyRfGIiR3dZ+Zw5+tGJVxr0aDr6URihnih1n9EYHQfqwtHVaftIjv6VnRN3dIOQQmKiMTpwLSfvc+ToGnR/0G9r0K/S0eWmcKOM0XfWbUf3n4gLcnRGOrz18Fn3XLJHSCUxceq+7UF+Xhx9//WJZ9vXoD9jqXvUltcUsd6/zo6+g54Oji57uBPzQEenr7v2ChzdyGF/mcTEk3GOxD04db9yR99/HUb0taMvPOhXM0bn62Yw6x5k6eto6Yox+iM26w7Ju1UYN5WjbzuQfzxPju6VBj2qjh5CqH1AH6Xm1d3AGaUm26qNQd1FPef73eegv6mFjz7H54hj4SuJkjxetDsgpAPoYJ3aLkJpAQ36GfVntfDRbVmPXVJz7+pDs6kuiVXXzQSA/tGzRRl0F+8u0O2+7lLBzLVSIOizD/VYoMs1r36gK3N1MG8v6Ij6mKDDsbBuXgK9Q0gL0uGZgA6bBfo2juODQcdWc3IG7y6JXXE1ooCy97FAP9GgRxR0T6yvlaNv+Dg6R30c0HFqbmPL7ejJXI5VwF4TR1dl8L6gn3z0SoMeTdBPwgj1lTn6Bo7Iccrtrkz62I6+sa529Cohzevi6CtjOLoGXYN+nR0d8vaJxugb69iRygKddcWpENKLpKO/e/fRvWvQIwp6GKG+ekeHqXTJ0QXno4KOC+t4wavD0ZM5VuoeRUd//c6r1xr0SIL+OoxQfwtHX59yjG45Oli6lLrXSWolio6uQdegz5uj+y+vzWrWHRfWV3m/Gnkyrk1KswR9Ikd3gS7XzUzq6L96pUGPKOhhhDoQ9OAKGXVlzKp64dzCGvVX0F9Q31H98t0w/QISx8AyGvFOwx09Q+pIjihjQSgFwj+Bvkf9Sdb3svCLf/o76GeX0cvlNPdl3veC62fUn+sQAPo7z7ZAoKPE5xmAzVHQ//j+/+ydf2xTxx3AR1OxnZwqi0g1Kwytav5gW0asNNNemoBEpvwxqUoALX9MrhQPYgSmECUZ/XdCSpPxB1KE3WQzxqlXUCKyGDdBIFmlCSEkkJV2aztGKZuE1n9oqNSVBrQIqPbu7nvP7+69Zz//ih/2+97ZiRIHIn3z8ee+9+7d4Sg+0HOfalOg86eqGYEOxywklr6R5W/mQO/CmMvdK7fEk9hE0On0uwI63s0SoXG4Pq2ATjUsgu6iTQSdteSgQ4N/WgGdWxjLavXn9Gt18ViHFEbv1zF6f+mCjv/6ixb0/nykOt9GrzFp9C7F6A9Vz2kb/QhCU0VpdDn5A0IrZdDlOFTEoOch1Wtg9A2mhu4J0rHP6YeH/JOu0TdUqUHHN68VqdEHNM02evEaXci1tYzeYFijbzBj9Oo7MGqvpkN3Mbx6Rq/ijY53dS9Ko+8f0MZ+2+hFCfr+fKQ6p0YnSs+oRldPxXkTH5VOv6g1unrojtfLfIDQTFEa3Qa9dIxeONDNG70hqxq9S6EazJ4YxZOyXWt0bjJODnyXqm102+g26Pk2un6NviH1rDseuPOTcA+BcW91cqO/pID+82Pv4btUBaPTa99PudEPHdfGIdvoRQn6oXyk2irX0buq1ZNxKrMnjK5zeY0U6Wqj30bodlEaXSf5A4dso5cI6AP5Av1jbkmcwVI4fcAZ4QLZAPYrwCpj+lWIHhpOPpog8KeqL3shYN0c+wXwWXH4dnQQJ1u+BqzuhtgK8Uto+tFBg/2Q8DbwWx58gXu2D43+Qrnnkp7ncMQ2uhnQ+/fjW7pso+cM9KRrXvUvq9XAXHgK0GFJjAB6j5M2DDZpTQR2J0OdflcEHX6BY6ur7ncRugQkvQgDawPQReB57HMKuu4QXveEpt/YoJsDvd8G3SJGr8rU6OyhGN2pGL2JfEcLOpyqjM+ExPtO0EMONUZ3yU3u6RkdfqjwRh/o1saADXpRgj6Qj1Tnwej0LtKUoBOni6D3UGsThzOpg9GdTuBcBB0OT69wH2OgF6HRbdBt0C1g9AaV0avM1ehefaP3OJnRmxSjO2Eo70xidDJ0P7aKN5gxMDrmVX50pFujuyxRow90ezTNBr1YQdfk2gpGb4CRc436zvMqE5NxujU6lOhAd5MZo8OKvAq8ET0+S9XI6ITYdI3usorRPfnI/lMP+o+LEnRNpj0WMXqDaqFMDdxqklmN3gMwNzlh8J6o0ZMYvWb5/Pi5b2XQV/FOUsZGz2zW3WUJo3s0UZpGvxyKREKvFTnoYqYtAbqO0TekNrpXv0Z39iSm4lSX15LX6H8ZR+FAEF1bXV09j9A/FKPrDt2TGX342tTU3eE1vrxmzujHtaB7jpcg6DG/FJhGwR9kDfqeUydOnbEm6MfzkWoD0NNYIaPU5vzSGLY7DG/w6j9CCCgP0mgcbMS9sZZGK+5yw10O+GotvHgQ3h0qV/xLDocjii663TLoLwJYbLELAH0Qop5GM0S9Kh6NotGraPao/KphGjL9JODfELh3wf/A1uIIG07pr5/ZAhvf6J/nYAz6gmfBo3TSFkoAdAH4jc/6w4sOx1wkspOC/u9f4cgAs5OSdPUsOrHekqCLuc5FqrMBvUF9E0tK0OkCdgY6XDGnl8qdCugQDHSKOHkQ5HVBv+Mfc+AInnO7xxH6GdTEDHTQ9cF62uqbDdvVs5+Wl98cna1PgE4oZ6B3pAm6sCI2Oei0JQEdJ5x12koQ9Ciaw6m+jnqzA/2MdOVGefktdMqaoPO5zkmqszZ6QwJ0bsd2EXSvaHRai8N0mwI67YrRW1trWxNW1wf9CVoioIfibncc9W3J1Ohvos/K5biJ7vKgywFT9cJl9bU0eveCNrpLD/RAkKTagcayA/3UxEc41+9L6y0Ienc+Up0F6A3cJFyDmaF7wuhQbrNZ9UFe6YrR6ZidWt3I6N+i6yT50+cx6BNbBKND/Q1CP2gs9BmpnMTsOTXoWzMfuufS6DboBPSQn6R6EcWyA71viqT6U3TGBt2c0U0P3eEGFcHoTOkJzgfVoNdyQjcAvTIexslfQrfd7lEMeoZG/w+6gZP/0cQ5XaN3UNBdhanRuye1UYKg96J5nOuo9JPsQD9xhYD+mTVBz0eqc2b0mir+htTkRn9V4dypNrq2Rjdh9MrHUvj63Jg//lcM+tmMjf5I+gQn/xZ6UwAdX4TroDW6q1BG97RpYtJTeqBvnEbRpaUAivZnOXSXPsS5Hu+z4tDdk49UW87ojekbvfJxHCFp5WO32z2LZjM2ev2U9MmHN/7ed0V+O1BA36qZdXcVxOietslJvpcm6M8E/Aj5x3ZmCfqevtlbN25eQSe/Z0nQNbm2mNGTTcYZ1Oi0SFdPxg3qGZ1OvhuBXln55PGdSnwH/VkMeqaz7s3v98lvGFOHD2qG7ljoHVs7QOgWMXpbKYK+ceOzsdgzysq4jC+vnTmBEOorIOdpGb3NY6lZd26/V51Zd6+R0Z1ZGp0GBn0CjWZu9Pr6vXfvPsKvES+vdagn41yFMboNus4S2IxBl1E/ebKAV9GtBTqcdcRA589cqtAfslfygHfBKja2mF1YIVPLu3szRB2NHfoB362j195a2Voc/BtPoDjjjJQIkrUAACAASURBVNn4MI0/QezVj7dp4FdekB/qtwH5efggaWwSHtbNdfC8/5rn/Uc878+zHW+EDWf4lbCGoC8MaaJtoeRAh5OZntlJAoP+CxxFtgR2IR+pNgId38yigP4CbQx0/r5UBfTt9ATkVKA71QoXQa8jTQaddAXtFq7tqKMNrrKz8h+D3ieDDgekpQB9FzQB9AuY8wuMdAw57jLluCuT8Ax0cmHd9dPkoNMRvAZ02ECOXwmbDuhDNuilAvrQwpoYHTg3Z/Q7D5OC7kxm9LdURt8sGL0l8axrdC8BXTJv9F3w4EC/wBn9cD2QTjkXQd8KoBfI6AUHvaz3sg360w46Z3Qo0QH0Bn7tK2f05ThCo8spjI57UqMTyrHR61RGVz0pRidOZ5tIMtDNGh26MHQH1BNDd2sYfVIH9MmCgn4Zz3+HYzboOQd9Mh+pzszoDQZGX0bT89en0f1UNbozDaPXUY+3sK4YfQcbuqtqdNNGFzg3MjoZvNMaXWt0utPU2tTok0PtmlZQ0MsiUvT6fFCK2aDnAfTcp9oYdE2N/v1EjV6hX6PfmQjhdUtj6Ikx6E5ucbtRjU5R5wburDOjy0N3+mPs7NU8GR3DDjP2hTR6u5xv3FWPgoIeJXcYLEYiNug5B71dk+zJNZt1fyExdIeNJnSMvkzvLVqU7ic3utNcjb6Z+lxtc5XRd9S1MqN7VUYfz6HRm5tB6cP6oBOfr02N3taujbZCgh4h644d82szm1dSoLflI9WmQDdn9MrK+xK9tyiykszoBHWjy2t1m5VZd2Uyrk5tc/kJQ447Mzqc8JAW6GkYXUY9mdFdu3MCegqjWw70IBm8OZZQzAb9KQadWynzkqLyTbgbnNTQ2bl9md4wOofuJzaJgh0mfg/RWEuXxAgXzgHpbS0tpG+j4fP5RvDjD/oBr2JvFvg9CaFxtg0MoPv2URq/4+PPEPDdowdo7Nq1Cz8Y/xcghNU1yoI5GsnXzwjnuDzPr5sRTmgyBv10ItrhY0FBD0cI6GNSIYz+GomiBf20JtlrDDrhvEK9r7Nqz6jOzs5XZvH+H45p/8PqLgV0usWEArpMOm5v8UU5K8Uhtvm24T4ygkkf8RmC7ssedGgHjpJGKD+QEvRh2hjotFTfLYJOZws0oNMVummD3q409klBQR9DeLuPOf/0d2zQcw56u5jttTY6jk0G+zpj0B/7/aFoUFpObPvohdvOGegg9EahKGegb6NNMfoIBR07Xet1grkvO9AZ6czouMk9LaPv5q+n58XoQ6e1MVTQy2sBFIkGpKD482VlNuhZgj6UKtW3R/vGL8Ln78X7Zs/9MLegb6rYJBq9igO9s/PJyuzsymN8XmJi6P7VShAFV740MjruXzy49z/B6LhhyDHpjOyRlEaXUDyjoTsz+i4Iyxl9aJ82Cgt62VjEHwwJPx4LIxSMliX9sUAoZoOeFHRNpnnQL0n/+ufMxBHy+UXp9pGL8al8GN1ou1cC+vbOzmp6LqoC+ldxKTQf9Ye/1De6jPnmeeQPosjnWqNTofvUjH9z797X6hrdlx3ogtGp0q1o9H2nNW3Iaktgy2JScGx+GgWMgY0FkV9CYVNL6npDgWhvSYIuZppP9fiM/BR/l3x+bRQbfjYfRt9ksIE7u11NplzmPFGj35eWSDG3omt0HPek+UXHUiTYwtfon3/h44yOP3wdRkE/GnvdyOh9aRudr9EtbvQ3uIf1QA+SOZox45n4y/6g/NcwLwmV/eWYDvkhCQWRFC1Vo6tzva9d9eKXpUvy88x5MPoH333n/Ey+jV4lGh0viaNKV0APB8j0bDSoY/RWPHL/L93FdQ49UBnd9yCC0PQ3vkSNjuP1SIT8ncwrRvfxoE+kb3Ru1j2V0fc+ai6U0eWMv7GPdvhoOdBjsHufP2C8zGZOM1df1jstIRTu1cz2hRYdcwH6plEA0Nfv2VM40IVcy6k+sm7dupfJC95BuD6/Fodx/ISEpv6W3xrdwOhU6Qro/2fv/GKjOM4AHmGSdmQeUhmplaqodXkpRS2KomMRiaF+qeStBLGqoy99KASZGiVRbWP7CU6mp+BzZAXtIZT1sWZbfOvD1fniI0JBSWSdz7GxfK1AlNCk7QOckEDuQ41j0Ye26sx8M3v773bX5tbnO/LtnhXgFHKZ++1vvvnzDSvGnEd7yxj939D4jcqDktFb8ihRKCholTpdz89X+fekSEHvtE2vTaDRAI3+7jhCk1dfrYbRD0btcXCzgZ5Gc9CSisekXA5phh66LGkFTZK6HFfkyEpVQH/hcjdCIxerAvpBp6Ym8TED/cMS6J9P3/j8T9evBmD0l1xzdGr0N4xG/20WjJ6Qy+XoRtC50Yt08qYxLp/tNE6vaQr7nqyUydEn1wy6yeiD7TDo7gT6yVdvCPM3v1wUZqthdE/Q1zMSW2HQtzKjz5U3etYOekNcyjlM1M1AGchGTaoG6M+PoKkvv5gPstTUGkEvGd3Udb9KxuE+QR+sE/Q/st0sltpREE3mlTKWUjJvmBfKfOc05OgL0hKl0VJagqyPeSSlWdddJzpUkDjRoXAozENM66CLOMLkCoc7WZDH0CSa5qVkTrEYgDjMYsAc77I4D8GfAwx/LnhYVDc6fosWj3zIS0+xOjSWOhSWA5t+4LxCznJCkzfo/bbLCPq6RmIrn6Orc/TMnMxauu4SrLFLS+Z/V1VBv4JukuKRswEWj3QD3drS5me6cTBuisj8w2BA39EElwfo7ITzd/Y+EOJaQsj+ywI63ZpCO+pLSJtrXJDVRyXQ8yor1J8LAekiucUc+56g7JOUKDL8MeNkMo6CPk1Ah+pw50/BZQUdLr+gQ8pOOR+AAx62jc7yQTln0H/xa7h00KEP/yu2u8UKOmxu8QJ9rN8eY4Y3r2sktuKFJzKClNYUlCi/t1WWC41zmmlcXsiz3M48K6fCV0CWFK2hLOhH9zTjK4CO++StoOu+lwd9zL2p8UP9U/pQ/xhD/qnw9798Mj7+jQCNvsPT6Ptg7es/HyuSsgqcl0A/xI2OryVBkFC22KmD3rskzMHROyajx2IqfE/UrKAuA/sY9JaS0afR5JsvB2T0h4iWCN42O14Fo5PGj8Iryv9prNSfW99IbOUrzGSykqBqblNmMhIQyhqZlrONkKZZB+PiucZcFsVV/PaNNvrIPG3qOwH23d1BN7e1GXScpgkkTbtKmvtvJE37IBjQQeg+jM6WxL1DcvNdu6xdd6L0Fhh7e7S6tEx41Y1eFOJ0E6QSBqNDN10UlxUkIYT7ejk5YTA6VToBfRRNVNLoJwxG/0MPdOduTUxVyegpcvOrP5UaK43QrG8ktvKgb/Xs3TdkEuZVNlsTNLMv2PoBaQG3tVQgrk9vsNG/ebn7TtAHPLiDbmnrsYCWwPow+o4mv0aHQTgb6FTprWzwrZNquUUHPbQiyImEJC8TzEMc6RhOzFfiQg56esusQw8ddzD6ddRdoRydDMJbcvTxSaL0RXS+CkY/nrLH8ZLR1zcSW5WacQ30Ng3FIyWNX7b1dDNpAWSvqBtt9KNoCvfd70x3V2Mw7rhTU2886DuY0P0YfV850C8dAqW3gtJbwcqlrnsotKwpypMi5Tys5+iiGBMTWT4gB7/NBuNaGOjCwxvXqNFPVTpHf79nWphdnEb3T1bB6IbGTyZTSfLD2PrrG4ndLMUh06qsOq2b7WLz8ppUDvQrzXsCMfoLF9Hk4lR395Xqgp5kjV0V0F9hQveXo+/zMjpVeis4uYWvgAv1hnox7BhxIF0EponRRU1lG6FXeNfdZHRSl//ey09t9BOk424x+vvt90anZw+fvFYNoyftcbzMYJzvkdjNXgV2BiZZGxOyE+gzEmnrowEtmLky0t19OcglMy6guzf1xoEOQveVo7saneboLU5GD4UI5r2AOTd6mBhdjK3AYz6rxnjX3WD0SYTu3l1EVynolTE6uRnoUMLi2lqN7g66T6N7gL6ukdhNX+5ZkcmYbE6IO4C+RZpA6Oa88I+AVsY9X7UlsBsJup8TG34K8TMWrJTMMUulCYvJeRE4tm3lAomzFy4QhROy+YQ5RCQSi5DAn7SDfFzoyiSE9EJBQa+nyO/g32JvFvF/0n/wM/7Otm23hZ729mEW+51jCC7+LovvLdyz9bG8HA2t/o4vyx4XxjtfscPE/j3LwhnLwS3mQjNlQY92WCPZETUvmFn7SOymBz0jyfkFTdL3wjLet+7EEZ+Ywk/1W9Mjzc11ttY96tHUgYHONrP4Bd1caaIs6K3kvsCCCpyBHgpDMk5AJ6THIuSjJskHptGfwX227G9Iskrpp5THKOiPBQr6HXSfgj5kBL2NXZxzePF3HcaoD5cFffAEXSCrg86CdeHZglgO+u4fweUTdDD62kGPVKD1NzvoWzIqQkJpGbwRdGlxEYO+7Taqf9AjGwS6zej0eOTyRqenqnmATjautLbooENfXZ8zp+DGRCp0/EoC6bwfk4p+9h6MStHAb6TJ+/Zv/e+rbkQmu28x0CnEOufsLimdGH2IvasmjB4xvHDUP+iY7K5Ml21bOgb92zPSbQr6F+iHdQm6ua03qdHJ7cfoBtB7mdFD3OiibvRILNmRNJJeGn4uGR3H42k6r/xnMv05rHfdh/Y7ks567vuHS313YvVyoA9W2+j9EXv0PztHMllA/y7Z7zYxS0Cf7a47o/cH0dTry9HJsalNT2X0Fgej94ZKOToYPQKomzm3gJ4UQel5FC8UZAL63cn5dluObjM69N6Z0De90XHjdxguckeizyroM7KkLeRlDPtfb6KL9Qi6ta1rzuiXDhmqw5lzdH0wzpCjx2A0DlL0MkZP0n57bJlOxcQRGp1H0+fbzUZvK6HOfzXErA4p+hAIffMaPRXhTz02QIkj9ayCnqBrpuaI1dHl5j31BrpDW6c20ugvVSpH/4k+6v5oefmsoeteWh4D42v88x7/3esHKepljS6KT+jq+AQGffY+3VbuZXRK+v5aGXVPxexRW6BnMr7+qkxam/ECXYadzwpCI0ebm+vO6KkgmtoX6OaKExUyekvrozx+Jqsr0HW3Tq8ZjE7eJqT7O9yMLublRgB9ii1y8Z2j+xh1h0H3qhqdNHeE3ZHaA50Mn9uryNiWx3aRt0lpD9BZLZMsQkfJUve6BN3c1lUyusc8ut8cPS5puUIWrRiMDj13yNFFMHokj9K5OU1IuBk9xnawYtDv0QoxzkZv2++Uo/sddR+sttHFWOlnbYGeEdRCLi9LHn9blywX5hbiKO0OOis+oxLQ69Xo5rYOGHTrPnRzIfefQ/DDTM3npe5jlWT2Oi+UIYtdV+Bcl6yKdQ7j5mHyDCMPMbI0BoNMNt33vydosGP1rSgvfsuC/TJJiY9K2TkK+sOent8TONv64Dpz5hy+rIH/oI+82lhw+EnOPkRSdhp83RxbTXvC2oVnYmf75RjvR1iwgjO/dF4h92NzpRkfoIu04UX4QZ6ENQS6vsTN/W0JqDeQlRvcQN+SpkUpCqhuQRctjS0GBzo9bs0M+itwMosN9GNwPrkO+ml67WLF4cqD/oAvWl/GoMOWFT7MxFxN99w/YYXIpEw50CHekqREXKCg08D0UoztjJMbMNc510EfHqLBQP/ICjrtwQ9aQH/TfDSbT9ChdJxf0COiPSI1AzqvC5WQ3d+nwoalQrkSNXx6LY7UBN2wXJegR4Joahejf/9FK+guRj+mg37aw+hwNgMGvbQNjRk9LNKcBF866FECOhSbkTV30JP//er69etIuM9B72ujStdtfo6++oD0skYHpR8eIKviLUbvoZXlBj2NvvuIsVZkZYweM7V7mN7FmgG9tA3NA/S4+8mNHPQDGUVWtHidgh7TG1nkdRiKgRr9RbvRjfWdS0a3dN2p0pnQd5U3+pJEVZ0XitTo5HYy+tvwJcmhAx6gk4GCxwaj9wHqnHGr0YH0NRvdoeu+EUaPiWwLD73hf1ftGL2B1YXzOk09Dl+JtDTjDjpZArvzQP2CziuthDnyG2p0lxz9mMHo+057GZ3cGPSiEJ8jVSM1mqPTzwRL281G789KOJfPqfKYN+hvYNC50SnDfXrX/ZyJ8zNtlr671ehU6E45usN8uj1H313xHL0YtkftGP05qCKjIc2rjCz5SuTLHvWig34AXzvrFfRiEE29RqM75+huRr9kAR1qsdMNqauCFFdQtsgG4/ATjC8RMBo9+pmCVBXJb0f9Gf2+xejnHJN06Le75+gDNtAHT3gb/TWq890VNroT6LHaAb0Bt2FcRnGvt6UFQZEdis08U0YvBtHUazb69qc1egs3OnZ6IZ5YDYfMRqe7WHTQxzISElRV6SLFrv0YXTAYvc9gdN3qutGJ0K1GH9aNPnB4PUZ/jRp995GvjW5FWFPUrMfhiuSERkmWVa3hua+NXmWjb29qetocvZPn6FBhAoINPui7WDjoY4qQTmDSJZSJrt3obTC9Zpld66M//s/e+YbElV0BXCodvGTKElyoZClLWWj2w6KE4D7IYlKhH7oBtTVZS9jKbjQkTWrX+LImzagrSdmmyZLoarT4Mk51JziZwcwwWRrDlkZMp05lRBQR/5R8MAQyWRr7caH7pe/ec+6b92/evDHvhXXifc9dYpa47Nvf/O4579xzzmZ9vaaK0T9zMUbPE/RKw9pSoNt61z40NkLHbfbFiuwYvXBBd+NRZwEdWsvohq1pC2V+qu0o8z52lCnTDlf7GU5qUCXhgHBo73oQ3wnDabxu3saaz6eobRNmZugMrukx8r3a2h5YNbjwl3yaBf20oaAjlb29vR3yV6+v0+eTvzpx+WB14OrFRbm/qOIe6uYatMDrKmJPYeMZOsWFXrqGM1g3oxvc8rq20cxb9kHnR/v4XVlYoNMJjTdoj/ep4ax1NUrWna3CBd2FR20NuuYwCz+2lgV0mNewzwB6HfZ1hnavHHTsEnUQXyXgCXsD6CP9O/rhdfudEc55Tw1cWUGHFlIM847eDoa5LwM6XArorJwGQNfs5FkpfANWxuYCHZYedKiE1Y1ie13bI/KtzRu9wECPkdlpqI2azjoB4mUB3YVHnZfRS62MXmZq9L9ojV6d6QoHXR8PgtPZCfvu49jPOgN639gOZUhjTV5Gv86NTrE2GL2TUe7TGv2sxuj0tmt0Wee/XIx/2eWq0Qsc9DEyNcun8A1/t0EPB6Xn7xv5nQLdYHTq9Gyg74MpTGZGLwejy7fW6LyonRv9lt7ow3d2DN02gG5p9HXmc7Z1Z6j7QOkao9Otu8+O0fGwSwb0hnggEL9gNHpaFJJREm/ZNvpzGH0mb9DDboIelkTJbxy+5pFINCkI/gI2+qubNXpdOTaaqKLNnAchRmejGbDfG7bMMRj9GzJ7A4ooRu7YiNFp1n0dhP4oOfl4nZKOZKuN3rlpo6dFMR6PiGk96F1CYsm7MC/cd83o7cZVYMm4kaEpqKuZynWoRQFdYKA/DEqSC52ZgySQChHR8AcHhXmvdykhhF0D3Y1HnZ/RS61AhxA9m9GroEucPhl3GZyOXbIMMXptPxkWhmfoDK5f2IzRmdHvJUkyESUbbOuuTcbB5h2FbmV0+cIQ/SoHvSuaXPJ6F0KRUR3ocRjKl4ruccvohQ96rK9vmNye2jE7NPQgH6M3iUIiITg+ayFMFumYRVHSC11IwWSuYAGBbmL00k3F6LwZpBp0MLp6695tMLrs9OE+gRAydKA2H6PHhTU2PekZ3bp3arbukI0zGv2izuj0FKvO6KOPyAp9yHPkkQ70QNwLs7q+dcvol9rppb4HCwz04rZ+9qjJSFtRHkZ/U6QfvnMBhycce6QAe6SLgkf/AbACszYl10C/5MKjzjtGtzI6G9qQJeuuGH0wA7o6GddtmnWH9dtvDvTU9uQ0evOu5q+p0bu67kXYp653Mmk0On+95rNh9Ku6rPu66IU/N64DPZlg31/VgO6o0fmwKtVdWWCtpIqLi4rabt+OFRUX5WH0MFmGCccODz4V4X8hw+TkME7PdhP0dv3TrnzhWffSPGN09Xt0xeiDpsm4bmOMflO+6Oqhd09uox/7GrbuV/FhpKIsGaeO0TszRvd1WMboxvfoo+swOXlJXNeBvi6w3wgF3IrRKy8paxDvQjM6oGyrC6wa9GAEPnzFoLOgSyH2x84TfZAusg/1OcG1rXulG486C+ia1jJ4mKUUjc5nMMk7ZXVF3Cf8IDpvKVPObjZ0qao60+41UwqXybYfx4nQJ07cZDdgXcuJHsf1gXbhd7FA7gRtb4NGvwATjr2JqM93zXS1TsiXfHP8EXxePYdldbwZDee9AeKzRaFhlC5sWnX37t1T0cDawnKCpFUNZyrYYdWKQ7pOM7+GlSfo7YPG1f7StntWg+4XWHpkSXAYdD/boi8EJONvxJcXVifFJrdAb3fjUVuDvpddpTgR/dWd7FJAb6aoN+s6y3DQy7H2lY1RrDaCfhmz7Qg6DH4HzE+c6IEtew1u0hXQ/6m5jKD/GUHvSgbo018WnsigT7Dr2rVGduMvW3FlQGdbeQV0qJPnneWUHfw6SaytJUh8FEGno1Yp6HevJ+XgMpLe02IA/UMcxeY46JeeboMug/6QJc28i8ThvHuTJC6uzAeMyXWPn2YSpOf9cfmA7sCjfl6jN1sZnV5VMDBVBTo7xQI79susTIZVylDSz6HQn8voqa6uM11pIbm6PB+VWi2NPtGqMboKdDzjul/7mk3eva9PEhJdPzOqMvqpu2xdSKff0bSQqwDSPzzkhNGfnjSubdBZ1j1IUisrceKw0CnpMtCSWTLf4/eHSzyugf7UjUdtCToIfe8bVkbflcXouxWjs3mp/KMJi/QrlffnOF0IknCcWeA8f6O/L4P+jL1HTwcIEfwTPmb0a3aMzvbuWqOfvaKUwrLSGRaoX0l/NorrVMbo8vpCtnmLAvq36X+1OGh0k4c/uA06FMwEZSDFoMdp0L9f4gnb07bf7/e4CvrgizD6XptGR6ErbV9B6LurYAK6fuuO89L4gKlzWtAxA7cpo8fxUMvEswmWh2vc8PufNOY2umrr3nvxLDScQ6Ffuao9zMZBz8TobDHMWxjoX4To7O77Ryu2je4+6D/2hMMAWlNQkvyOE58Lc5E+6/BWNjoTul2jf2Jm9PLdOABdAf092LtjSRyfI+eQ0Y/9LwN6J2TbJySSTAri+fyNDsk45XDLVRPQQekK6IrRB5LR1YW5RXLfOaNXGdc26LoSWL8ghiaJ9GJJD5PQsnclmXehnAXobjzqnEbfq4/Rd3LQgfNm3Tn0fWqj82ScldHVx9YUo282RleBDodXfJPRZa93LinqnC4zvhEUI48ndEbvVWJ0ekMqDirk8jF6GooqUpGBCoey7tug5wY9TOuQvWsm6XdPUBRc2NzDaziW912ISlsZdJ3RmdAttu5mRq/SxOiDGKKrY/RuI+ibzbpT0BMcdFYQV09WKXLLZENv9CckuZiKiPXG12u9itFVMTqcbbnH7gzo6hhdZfQ4VFXNkX9XOGd0XlzIv7ZB14EejCzAy099ZO0RhcRiwh3VeyDpL/9Uh0F3+FHnFaPv1BjdkIwzybozo+uy7pXarPtxyLo7ZvSE2ui+DcIevjcQ1hn9CKGvxJcCQXXW3afKutMbY3RIxmUz+imj0eNJBXSnYnQ80K++tkHXgi4lzGvZSoLCCqtPDroC+rzzoFc7/6jzMbq2hRQf0cIr4v6ICyvidL2jeHW+0pEeJsKe0xLOi1zHKd01NZzoj3B9rl34XV4oK/87nKag46HxVlYRswG1bN5ouP4Iu3A1huHjf42c51t5urBA1of1cu9iUu6Kpgl0Aw5suv4nWLyzlNJ/ouVvUCg3L3ysdJQ6pBvNhJOZfvIDWDlBrzaulw90vn7IFgX9Tbp4dXoIDxyE9UKHataE6Abo+FMDDm7d3XjUOYy+V2X0N/SgswEtu8pOw5UVdIa6zHilFnQ2D5kWvN4ygs4wH88X9NNlZRrQKeqNUMu2Sn5fr6xG+hUMoXQ3eHKuU77psTZ6s/r3i724gz9LKd9PQYe5DtlA/5g3mnknmlyWf6gYP3o4A/qv2LUNulugl/ih6j2hP97igfAtf+narKBLLXmXUiS8hUFnmL/yCgrd1OjHduH0VGujnwTMK9v58Amc8X7LxOi1Mujj7MoO+h+KXvvUaPTTZf8hJKQ2emvrY5JanlsUgvU6o/ujXpXRJyjmYPQONPpFWgHPY3WKuX2jDwyciZJAlPx14KhzRq+rprfqq+7lAL04NhYzBf2A3ugeMTo/t5IwnG7Bg6XuGJ2eWxcDQv5hgTXojj/qXEb/ESuYYUIvNRodtu6MdLtGf09ndDjGgqB/1BY7wIw+zpSeDfTf9dPhujETo2tAB9Qfi7R0Rs04vRu/YrHVQlKCAllm9M7WDjyrzjbuitHf3a9s3S/YA31gTzr+5d8Py0I/7JDR64xrS4NeHLtxI2bnlPoQPbgas2P0kiaJvtE2nmILRuZYQXTQnRdsTZvqLGUBuhuPOleMjq/Xshn92C67Rgeht/N5UjxGv6Uy+s0YEfrI0G/Y+TQLo3863PePqZl+EjPG6AajT7TWH/n52wi5mvbGMEmszk8KX10zNTo7vTrxJBp90sGMzvbuOFrZDujykik/6pzR66oNV9XWBZ0OQu8TyPCD3D2gh2enZkd0fWFNjU7d3eQPm/R+ahIjqdWUaHVi3eM37xtlt4iuxFnQnX/UuWN0SMaZx+g2jU6TcZWYjLMwehsZm94xM9L3QQ+E6NmM/gDmLff3fW4w+n8JSeqMztFWUc5Ab3wof/4Hz2cKaFiM3uHDGF1ez4RoKhUR19nhFjD6BZtbdwT9sGMxejX+5yxX/XULG714aGiWjt27k+sfhHnL0339doxuWbYuWFnXI5FkKvRCa22yg16dMXn5izE6wxy37qZGZxNaGOaWRj+pMXq2GL12iHUM3eMrJgAAIABJREFUmxZiOWL0fj5v+TVDjL5PDToanSXfFNph505Bb6R/Y1XweqN3+Oi+vUNMLHi9S/8n7+xC47iuOC609uKLREDYDwGHgJuCqgrchCJfY9eW3JriFpSobvWgByO6lESqkcMOFCK7qfGHFLvGH5oNhtForKHTjKuls4MmUGFDLfS1ipAQEsL4A/oQI+OCbaG3GPelc++5Mzs7H6vZlbTajc8dyV4h8MP1b/7nnHvuOdMpUPTDEKOfCw/67zdQ0Y/s9dqR8gVdhXf1xFr/fARBD2CND6XowZIbjUVzZ9RIvu7hZjn3eYK+GVsdQtHZNdWcim5+rano/ll3cN4J6D2w+VWGcR089yBFT0hs3nKFR9HfRuiWQ9E/dSl6m1PRqbEKmkzWHYwo+gqckT1E3+Z7vOav6BsC+kffD9ANoQo6uGu5f88arK7y61L0sF0mZrnoGwa6cxbTezthFtOumpomAvovmf0BzNVZxj1srfPmzZudjkIZZv+g9pWzuL3DBt2Sciv51sOsC0zFMG8ZtdCf0pqaUy1d9DWD0S1WMGOh3Nbd3WYuh5GPbczYS2B5eQ9l/1PHefqzUWhdglfOs74zV5ldye7zziphf+Oa0JTdaObH1mgmF+ghC2bsza+1N/+j1fIFPWGDHsk2j4uf8Mxb3qbrkd3ECgN9SFG8cTxeYq3AYqUJ+moxQP/pTmu6YhNBvckNOmkUd8ALOssjdN7sJI9V+nrWAh3mpTmvq123Xfc1QD+JDTpvOdFjgX5KxAjdeWWCzqNRB+gE3u5sytmnLNCXMU4h7pgbdG4RTtpfnv/VYbos0M9dgeUG/V90WTMXNxh0dh1wr/2X2u+D667nBr1CpJLunLesCghhI1Ig6LF+xCW9XSO4Yf9OkFsEeq1rFVfRSYze5KvoB7yKPniEpA7Nh2BuLtZvwlR0OgDdGqOYVfOqs2RcX3NjQjbip4JA7xrH2JCR3GGBPiXz6sychF/39gooZYHO3HMH3QGKvo+UPMxP4rsEdLi+SuL0EahiHuZulICir9Z6bO9q+SfjpEhclAVDDwS9wkCCwWfmLUd0JM3NqLxQURjo/dyjxerHKbeLrmBSazOf6i+FGN1nr4ur6E01+Sk6fUDRbdc9UNFJ/0eVHq+1NKtIECVk9AWB3nVSMxJxxrkJehz0Qb6TBTozr+Pe7QI9RQO0xdGBbEU//QxNPnp0G62cLwFFp5s/mPU1WMagV8QFerwWN/80RAGJgaBX6IbknLcsy5CI1QoCfQiK5DwtY2NccunxUoqLlQro2VtdJNB32YqeV4wOpFNB77RvrV0mku6r6OTp0/XdU82NNNU6g7VA0Il1dNmgGwab2rTaK6OkE/TjPopOwXeA3sauJcxyTkU/PTJyeiWF0OhLej196xV90LHg22pZF8yoCdEUcokn72jNduF9ftHZGjYSR3Ns5mYhoG9XoJNkdSorvR4dikHfqCJynhv0weztLr6im4Je41X0A36gW4puue7gu1NFN7995afoH8KpGjs+0/ieXKB3ZUCXxAkZ4cQEet0rIc4G/bivomeF6FTRs0Bnir7Sb+77yo3TcJ+tBBR90GlH6ffyBp1anB2f8UYg6C59R3Oa6fWpYkGg72AtY6udY1ZYb7g1DuCKCfqgy44OFgl0knInik4FPXzWHWJ0h6KTGJ0E6Jcv+yt6V6Rxqrm5WYaxinOoJSToIo+MCVXA/IteA2G36+5S9DZPjK7QS6WLKeK6sw5Tz6Db6zO74czhrVZ0N+VlDvq4qhER19lYxYQcEvRxzPPahIixUaDrvuC+4BbluKXHC6N4aMeOUgV9cLBoir7rvV3gugfE6G+Hi9Fb4XjtrG+M3iOR0UsRU6ATzBPvCAl6BdWFtCz09t5ByJ1191N0VzJueL76wW3cbSs6u/M2i9kFdcK5Kekm43/dKkU/6rUyBt1UZVLBboI+x+anhgS9QsBjNEZPFJqMW1isfpx0lMAp9M7b/dH+0gHds9NFVHTadyI/RWcxusd191N0U9CnBGEuPZZAu5vhNZ+Wjb6QoGs8cwFeE9C/zFfRT/wHoyTiPrOP10ZW8H0YCrBiKTqVdMB8axS9/qi14DFX+YKuocRYek7g4xFBYrm1kKBHeHD3EkJhoEf7EeaygnHWrmIBxUoG9Mxes1VfPEXfma+iQz93e3xqKzNymeVspqWMVdVmOuw6fVVXSXJ7Hzktm5Bxo513Y3Yh29hP29tZqVwavap9itAVAN1C+X2wz5ixj3eZQRL+7vLynjZHwdwyG/OTegadZ9jAJtfgFqtCjk1L/+PfwD5g9jMwN+g/AHN1mHkXLAfo1Oiuw1NfZqA7T8sFA0obxYhKT8uwPB7Jad5SObyegpmsI/RZdl+5hEC395pxXl9URd8Jgh6g6Af218OyqjlY+1c2RMpkvAFAJ6TbrWU+pOPV/k5AZw77HOpo70lghKTGvrCg24r+lIB+7nMyODks6EztWY3siWukLPbEMWhh8ACtnDlzw1xrgX6JLjfoP6frJ2zY4oaA7rT9ZQu6bqfOIxFVJvUv8UhI0G1Fx3qBoG/3NHcseq1MONA3dqvzUvSmgKx7gKLTvpAwKg4UvYGCHqDosshovdDe3tdRRxJxYUFvsWJ09MoE/Wr+it5t1cJa/n4S5qBzp0tM0bOsjEGfcaTgdH0tzJ0efYLF6IJQuTG17gM0P/eQU3aULuglreiHoC2kregNtuv+sUPRm+vq/gmga1D+LAqnSO1rD3nCgt6uIUnVBH5GfgqgM0VfVvqVPSEVvc1W9Gvm6uaSw8NJ7iXV87UU/VIRFP3Ffo/Vvygz0HVNBQ99HGQ5zScow5FIHqDHeSxOJLA0g3Qn6DGF45SCEudRBd2anSzuGXpu0F9sxlZvWozOhiseccToDa1M0U3UYWLDRZ03HTeN9nvtwIk0rX4mRe6U8/Cg1yEZ8+JYlZgwQf8vU/RuBd2enUZKKEV3XWr78/HlVGr5OJvIVgKK7gP6/vICXZdJWyBIuiVIpJ02sB4Jac6aWF7AsunBIc0B+hDmzBdzgUdk6+o5URTQ978otqI35aXohxyK3tDqVfSLOtLGxlQs0sbOlRhLAhJPtbsVPaLqdblB72ApGunpcwo6VfQh2uR3AS3no+gg6SfY9fQboRR97Rj9d998fe/gmw36OC9MpGcMpFJJl5AgY6x6gI5rojaeE/RtCbi7OIbUDOhRDkKtguPs6IZxHo0pSqi3RimCnonRa/KL0Y84Y/QG8mTF6NexCgfm7KqpLmp1cG3Noeh1MsIIiRdygd5uyGka3796nlF0lk6d7g+h6N0uRWfX0zdI0f+dQqNJ9PUv1gN6r9fKCnQRSmMkgYXphiF6Q3MNm3vNqzkVnRXTGfy2DOgwy7x6Hg3s2GIzAwFuFOGBdYG+GVudb4zeVHCMzhT9Y0fW/TuUhgJInU1qaLfvp9qKfkEQZqrSKtJygn6SF9QJET+tfY7wE1D0bqvJL+cF/UcKh5U9GUVvyyg6SDpT9DPhFP2SP+iWoh9MTj+oXlxA995k0GWD5VqD3fUKDZnh15jk49Fn3WVHxsSEjFRH1l3hqn1K2FkzODKNqVgB+HYFLS1Wz98OEUSUIuiOGL0mrxjdhP1PX9BlgW7PSSb2HaabXyWojXq8b2pqymolw3x2QrMKSqDxdS0tJ7OtBYxWzdQlMJKfdx4yFf0JVLO8z5oJDHP7nHbMtBgeXVq6hZZN7h0uPDtlo0YbyY1cs0YwWvMc/C+3XPry2+lbk1cvZTeaOWiPSb/H3YdJbL91FMxYoL8D9hZYMOh/8VqZgM6OzkXW/0vXRDWAdFmCHJ2RO1TXBFJVV1npVPR5KHBSfApkJhdmuY27ljZkBvTB740oR8tvFpPKekDfjK3OtzIutKKzmWsEdPJkQD9rgf7JxS44T51BgumxYd0XdENi/0HiOUHv6emiI6syoN9VUvdpk98BN+j7aDO46kl8zAE6FMxZoMPcphEbdNoU9sZh1+UWBvq5FJ4cTuEnDPQPDsKyQb9tjQr6ny/oPyTrrXfpCgb9gNfKCnQDah00TLxzwVfW4yzToglr5eQiFZWVlQ5Fj0HJ8pK36AWawc0nN6rAdQClhidx0HsjGkOP2QWp9YC+GVsdWtGta6phY3Sm6Ie+ANJbW39NH2uqIlX0TyTBlOsxGcumd66huC/oBmsQFwR6pchjKW6SfsgF+jFudOHhUpLb4wZ9CMph5vFQbkW/FlLRp0dNPVkcxp8HKPoaoIdTdGv8vGOVFeg6Iocqc4h45zMyH88F+v/JO//QNs4zjntVLPJijTCWkixZ2Uz+mDW2tCzML9tYvFEoiYeb5I8lHd2m1XGSDUNmXVLT/ChNcbqyQObmjnacTtIu3HZCpmdNYpAtaeNJdq0Zp8bGeLazhS0mkFJITX8s+2Nh7N73eU8/7t6TdLYVLPa8bkiT4hTefPV5nvf5JboJ3VCxSJrTH6FW8uquQROSk6ORfIC/eHGlT+XpmUoDKrpZvJhendDtN/3Nh0n0zd5e3Z1E77S57sfOn39TRWoMifCOKsmhFbjuPlE29BgyTKGTcbP/Qug2E/rVdg0hMxRvtws9akV00aLQWQW8NSQWgF4idIr0vbTm3U709+By54TbfKJ/+TpMmUyP/GRNib61oYTuMxBJquAMjAuTeDqGytgW2c11l1BM12WcAqGXVcZFBYR4i5HZi+yC541JG/3cpzYYL+ZaGM9c9zlBW1Oib20QopuHyryTue4vMaKfP9/1b0VJyWqW1cRxhN4rEtyPImU/X+gqfW/XUQcQvVToV6++0P7E1fZ2J9FZROeR6PdGEM4vOYi+hGgIHkiMuRD99eH4AtnOde3Qaoje4K67CWwplpGQ1ZPCBTYyxluyGbf3upRVAOkDoiullXH+7iRPmozoXltWujUB8Z7wItbGvqiraz85FVjI1+BArEfXfXPpKKmqRAekM6BXIDph+uBgKINMU2gYvp8j9IENMpIxknr5Qm9iZdOy8gpdCVMudGJOobdj+rGb5sToPyqN0UuITlYu3kWJ6dkRfNsm9D8uQW4nMJJ2idEf/0/cjEuFa08eWjnRl7c6bbmxhJ7z6aQ5VbxB6x+5UlYQNqHv9lYnWS0NKarzDUoNJbBRGjR7HQbnF4TJ6UlOKB4ZqeYgaOQNQkiuJr22XI+rrv3VfcfmGl/ddzKiw2rn560YnUv0wcGYefHjOlbI5fNc94GB/SnFeITSmyN0a3JBJvMKXfJWi9BNpMenp/PIBPoLraR0srWE6OC6c4gOsyJn8sOOGH14DEYFv+dCdNPevvaX5w49uQqiL/fZbWtfgwndJHImS4A9wYpfeWG6Ihmule8xq0nR4BDdtS0Vj01PDhHJeki0acI8f1kbmzmXqDD/3R9dbcHMcj2uug55dDqh9EsW0cF1f56uZ7ET3RR6EPobdJzVUeodrtAHfsqe1zlCDxolRCf2MUL3qgp9D9nGFLll6vwOGpk1KX3r6ikrRucTnQAdFqqTfQ42oS+hxOLCJE64vboTe+5xWz+6V6L3sdVXha++RiO6LwbdDGom66H4tcRzV1dAdBJWI0wK2UmibTZdW6KNrV91PqmZnxuTC4uJyoU5zTW+67kLvQ5X7TmPXj1G30mZzipgvw1Af7VIdMivWULXrUn+GBkhF6EPuAqdVFKxGH1LQejp6kLfsweqZ/ZgkmibGROeYKMpSmP0X5UTPQ/R3hy658ijL8URGkqfOOJOdNNchb5Covc1HNFFmA+nI27xWxULkwJJGqPHuDF61fpWSLTN15Jo87MpgtOY87mBuQtb17LWfbkeV11lJdMmWMnkvh8dtqnyH+NK+tFf7WQx+u+OwrEmy0DP2jh5ks2FQtYoGVbzZgk8aFkHHGZBHSnjE1jWRzNIGRigq54+RvgDKFtjit7TyjX4PfYsN4XuWI/vzIqVsKzm/cyZItH72YamCy+DXb584uDFFy9f9iT0rzL7PxI6FDxPqEiMeQe6Ko62GChGRgOmfBuoeWpT9bN3tJr6ztk+B26SzJ9cq0zdOhL6Lnro4jXu7jVywLfo2/oLm9D30S3u+0onzHRaQj9qzZAKqcR1z8oiTZG5Cr2XHSZ3y2g6JiuROqn9ROjfJ0JHYwcPXqwg9HZ64PeibJLMUNRN6GfpFymFvYImIUbvdwod7MgBek7WJvSv0FOz0H/ttAYTuo5U2tig6oaMvSIdZlXckE0gmB8SIHTFUz+6l0kyGu2Hqu/OxQpCr8dV10b0HZ91J3ofd2bcb2xEt2J0G9ElkZSyZ+hu3FHU4Y3oPhafKyp18BnRidCJ1GsgensSM6InqxL9tTMfoPzs7LBwmwp9N9muahP6ARPnB1ZF9Gfchf6sw3oaS+hhrJoO2DhNsIzHZI9CZy/uLZiueqA6b/ImdC9E9ws4PZ3Gdd2iXEHo9bjqKmuTdxXWJvO3qfZsq0L0775RMmGGEh2UDjp/B41mVSSziihZqUz0oI3oDqGbf8CHCN2tneitOM0SbS5CPwtIhx62e3FBuHu6v99al84l+pED36oL0cl1lxxijSV0CY+PYsyKoyaQvmqheyQ6dLjVmGjza+SFvq496l6E/mz9ib6rUoze4x6jM6LvKxk8wSF6kLSv3ZCsyUKxikTvtRO9A1ZtjotKgei//BDhuxToNcXoZpCeh0SbO9HPFvrSoYltL3Pd+UQ3pV4fovc4bFtjCT1mxlnjo7BRiYyN8KTzJh0+1Fnz20qI7o/g9CIk2taFVRB6Pa66Woy+icXoROsc170mojPXvRCjF4m+n2bBs4zoquSN6EGDbGXMZvCWAtE7TaInnI9xzdGIlmxzEr2YaKvkultEf42InNgFhvSHSXSn0BvMdY+psOh8ZUT3qaTQ5oYIix4qET2puXSXFRJtjSf0nroTnbjumxjQ7ULvAd+9xhidS/SnRdq8qLIYfbs3ogc7aCWVGB4oxuhU6BdtRE9inB9Bkc+VE71Ni0Si7axN3f0xrozoe+lhQLcJ/QSN0OtE9PvbnHa/kYTeZFC/LQs1sBkx503nubCKRBGp4WpCj6DhvODIc7NpUX7/xo3rX+j363HVNRN9hzNGZ+m1qq/u7jH6sTBSJrJm6CbroxKSQkFFlpVeHtFzhpFyED0YbDIUvXdgoIzoeTvRb+HEXCBw0wy6CNUtonfjIdJw2FpZ6D9nAyiA6P0W0UHqTqKTr5P1SK81vNB9OVUczU5IiGzPUk2gG6qsKjy55wy6ftHxy7okWb/sLnQNTc8E5tIoUjop0h9B8XQeRdaRzNeL0L9IbdNj9OxgthnsO8ysV3dmVo882yKzj9kbsHytbPDES0etV/euMCl/VgYU0qN8/BEsKoqIm6xKmYKyt2ToQuXcFp5Z/xV8Q1Pou2nXuMXu5maNDH6YGUPCMBLgb0ZbW2sbTswEAnNxAUpo2ISpU+XNLWT4xBXznzOnyTndXzZp5sJuJnS2A+pFtrDFhehfYPYo2KeZsdEyz4D93l3ohx3nfoM1tZCVW6JiqHQZUwbFjIxF6LJEmkgWKmdqmBVJhM6uGMzqHpsfQcNCia5hovNNl2xZ3eXfzDV/JaGv/VVXFjq1x4pC/+8n8ZFPHjChs/+JKkL/GSxfKx0lRcwSetebwY5LXV2h45dCoUtiZpymXgpCZ/nzjgw2o/gJWd5uF3mHecqEPohQ3FS5aW0FodOlO5PY/KifjwvNTOhsKMkC6nYK/U4ECdFTUAlLK+ROgxWITpJrptIPvkyPm9Bfp6cg9ENwHv0hPV6Ffthp9RW6roqyEl7LghlfWKfznnM50qg2SldjO2rew7RbUUfSioRO+8HnhuNkdFdR1yyzluZUqJNVqnV+Xvcu9MNPVb7qv8WFxFvs59+4Fsfxt1cn9K8B0ItEfzBkfiDL+P0C0Q9XJPpOKnRAOoyG/Lqd6INdXfSLjH49HoYGlQkUthEdliiSF5yqRH+aCJ0SvS2qad0g9DzpSZ1l/YVM6Br0IQVQ1CF0DdE+iFOE6FDzTnBeTvQLVYl+cm2J/rCFLiHVkLAcXkuh5+xTo1oMR6yuQP7NqBjEw/ctCr1b0zQ/CH2a9KROlQ+bYEPFFpHfMRFGGJqcHquzU+9d6JWv+s/473+9PnQO/iWdePfcH95aC6IXXffPxGPkEiTxnyD0w9tqITpsUy247gD0ItFB6qbMQyG2wqFF1G1E19kQSVUydZ1SlNR2V6H/1iL6kkAmr0baTKFH0XzgJlx+IB+xhA4jBKZQ0i70W7Qoem5YY0S/4iA6yLxA9BMPg+hPOa3s9lfyKV9B6ND7nRVja7t0zV73fgPZfXc2RHKC5NHCZrQeroHoZPIqxtFm2n8+ExizN42zojhOrUxkeIp+AkTXldCrXHXiuvnDn67Rn7879Pm1itGB6P/46Pr7DyDfPY4/Yq57FaIXXHeI0TuzUky/5CA6jH89bp6UNbE7VUb03qAldFna4oPHV5+b0I8hNGLKfG8/TF7FWlsyEsFDi4t2od+CxoVJ7IjRNWtWwQ8KRKdAP2Nz3R8u0b/nsB+X3v6KPuX5QvelJCnFOs30lcXwvrAkq1K4gtChBML8/jl3oesimUSgVBV6FM3OBebGULJbiwgosTAGFzhfkK8mTNGP7ojzQWya/a1YV0LnXfW5T/2PvbMLjSo94/iYiUNelJolwmpTS1qxVQoiRPclsqnaK2VBpMULL3YvsoWyLRbOaUtLe6Gm3Qsp+HFOb86cOcOBWU52Bmdmc1RaXes4H002ZDYkpNEYKpklhe4qK42urBfb0vfrfM35yJmZfCl9ToyahCh55/f+n/d5nvd5Nmzoo9s4vIPe375O/nL7+oeF5O2+FkHfQQQdn9GfQJzHAlRx1S+Y605QDwB9LwnGEU0/eXJBB7osgS9dio4f0uT5NE29yPD3dYpuc92NdKov6BCBjhT9MWTuWxwUKhkAAL15eM903ZEMDM/OVZjnbgc9PsyaC9z0VXQi6Kt7RneD/oYd9KZ2eU/QaR4LigZvzYCuQUEUoZD3B10mojEiKe5PkPObLJTyUC/i607ZJUDfzTqvFjDlQ3gIAO0JOG4K+ACfm5ydLLh7MKdZz5AQvRzXFHS01Njo8n4A8B7+0Q26p/PD1z5OXm3Zdceob9nZ+5D1+KnSSjSbor8dWtHLwhjZwi8T790A/aJN0X+eB3q1qoO8K+ouwvLIpqokdefNAil/0HPfP/Z5ks/cp2BD9PvUOEjF8bY/l+O3U9BfQ0KA24yljx5dUtEv/Pm3tqj74Jooeu0tl71Rs764uV3eE3S2ldKS03JTil4S8BkP93zyBZ2ThGxVk4S8XzBONvrG6lIg6A9SPBxiYCfR5j5R4BN8bm7zzLStVeRAHGEST3e8GIpe81pqS9E/ANcs0K/z6LvcAX0tu+40GJekLf0Eibpb/7EUPcwZnQTjFtipTMoS391UdCLo5IyOScepF+60K+pO02tq6VXZLHn2A10AuWNJUBkfBcPkAhI9niGvDXeKBPEBI72G7cEDs0LOdUafCDqjM0mngn5uNRTdA/S3bKvf3C7vBbq5ldL+bGozgp41oqqaL+hRTsejsT3y5XnsOuKgu5T1OcbbQcfVEOM5iPtFVaiQz6IP8ljXHbH0Ae/LpevyjF7zWmrrix2b+tUkencX/H150ms1dnskC5VyVQRPDtuCcV8PFYx75+QiK2iXFVcwjio6cd5Pnzhh6zhhq5DBBTOHXg0H+mNyyfA+5nXY7LO9ceNAIpXuYNm13bhoxlbzvkTU/Xc07G4Lxq121L122G01y59rbpf3Al1mQzUEIFfLuONqEyZKxir5gx6NcBwX9fpkSaMhODbyoRwEeoIOXavwM5uneHbnmE91xNKpRJha1/UZda95LbVPMO4f/C4coGla0TuJ7WCNZuZZMbqcGwIg+dBZIfdjZ0upbayl1HeNGWzIjvT3H1hg30MXz2NjY5MvMmOjmIzxqWbpKyeqCgacWrfhupdZNyFixmdpcxoBZDJUxYdGZ8YB67Nd4et+6rsN4Jk5KmH/GYd84uapU2yOg9lpZnDw0iC2utFMwQUzxjRVA/TvUPuGsySuj5o/6K+4zaboze3y+BuX2p1mgA5VAStuc3PWaFR1BGSXCr47CuIUVbcrvE7L4gNd9xQbugYnZ0cBzaMY41rCsTuAr6m1PEp1YxMWALrXUjvSa38lgdcPkdO2qzB891YLZ/TOzp6ezh4D9J03mOv+RVetZpS8+4B+kE10xv2kSEspjHn/kQMHRNLzaQzsOX/+jAP04+jxAT0LJFEBSpsJejduNLKpLChtfqBLIGMMXYMApnC6Bb8QUn6gs5JYO+j7cCksHsV26sKFN8mbCfogYb0h0I356C7QSa84E/Rd5AkC/XD9U/MJxoXe5b1Az9MNuQryEa7UZD6NzUHMQi486JwKFFGwxdgjeagUNxXlwGBcClIVL+D+TvTAPd1YZ+fYyml286AHLjVOpUKcSr2K9/W71/lCC1H3zh6EuqnovQ/JfA2F/2+XdbfFBfpBm6IbJe97TUX/1SJUy2OaoJ8hiv4HBvrxIEXnSBi+CkUL9KgCIARKNAB03hy6hty3NBiam5jMWZcTwyg6Ap0OXXQp+uD6UvQNre3yXqC3K3QrVclN0CZJF5Hfj854ciQ86DrERzvZ3tNdE9BpHQam11I0azrFx9GpLA7H790bByvZFmZdKPpylsBizC3Qt/Q+5NHPPPcV6QcbQtHN9u42RT+wKOKugO+fdyu6H+i6xMqnuk3Qu0nBTFtbEOgFfnLKbNaLY+sgPhBrQNHtoLsVHWn6mij6VtdTcxbMNL7Le4JeoltpqQXQI1EZ+f1SNhIedI42lNtkH7AYKWXlbHDBTAokZ6mK4wpY3LgRpmIvAeiBS72soDsVvbd3/uGTr9gch5CKvrdO0RHqC4sLFHNL0S9S1L1BZ+GYKuByhSCGAAAgAElEQVQs0Lvbs7qejQSADmAO8NPTRouBWDqRjsViDSs6dd3rFf2Sh6L/YjUUfavbastRAusCHXnvaCulf2qhHC6fj0YaAD1vNB9RHR8VFT0fBDrIZEBysgJStNZ9IJ1ekxtqywz6Siy1P+g9nXbQkar3bu1qSNHZGf1IP1X0p08XEevEb7cr+vEARWdVUmUQtUDnJKCqQOL8QYczmycqVouBGLXGFP2HpwIU3QH6uWVT9L6+XR+fbQD0rpUCvQ09LYHOaRoXaY80ALqR1dukqI4RTXhcm+4POk6ezmUgn+gwbq+tzU3UlQa9a5Vcd6u/e+OK/tmzR8/e6e9/qqLtV1w8wATdqeh+oLN8rKpaZ/Q2iQxglaR2H9AhwPGZqdyo1dU7EPTGz+iXbKCfW1ZFvwVv+IPe5XpWCnTLGgQcuwKRSAlnyKEYbQT0aFRSaOo9a1d5eQRv87IP6CLNqcyBtHl7bY1suUF3rfXque5sYsuSin5wm1PRn0F0uJeePwf62EhVUhfOnylq2S/fNxU9MBh3SBK0YlWBeQt05uKN2fJrDtBPo/2EJM5zIUH3U3Si6S5FbyK95qvoLtDPFtB/3gf0+S63za8v0DlyuFc5BWrFogZ09BHkeWvRcKBrQKmOaYJkq31n9fay4HN7TWHJ00zq5QJ9fiWWOjCP3uO4xLbF2X9iK+PduGBjNKxk8x+/R+w53pSLOtTJfl2EjxYUPChZWmSTmd5D9hP068qVK39Dv4xWUkZ6rQ1PYFTNclf0yjO6gQqi+QIzXpUnTvxMw8lfb9BjTuC3M6trFsnqZvY5G8286Xbdj9lcdx9Ff53aj5h9mxnrLMNmMBmH8/3IhgEYWn3Q27ysPZQ5QVdw04CqwHr6aoDTIPa81VI4ZddwdEW3x978S+PwtiJKkII+xa8e6BuXwdgrr2Mdgk4vse2oB53m+AJBZwl4iZ3ARF3GFe9FRfq1Bfp7FPQrHqDv2dPGlfbsMUDXsP9P6+2hXAd6SRZlFehZ9BV4ylLmX7GlQE8nEh3bmaC/dvQ35Lm5jz4m6BfIWzNR91++/gPy+IFO7Jtfo9H2Xfv79n8EQO7aiwu6mYCHbMiWCHEfkSrUw7rw+bxFdEmW2LQtj9K4vKjrgoCWm4B+H6Q7lgA9lkikY/8HPYyiG9dVCehd5O0VOnPx7QDQ/83K4bJmB3b6gSI4FAp03AgSvWPZtSxQNY1+h7LtVhV5zWnIaRTwv6Liu0v3RqHZOMQH9AGcdoOJekVnpPsqel3U/ZPRXPLzPzLQf3ruTy0o+i0kUHd8o+7zO922vkA3a2et0roROj+TC31WN/32kgrEclYgTUNVtT7lDgQVoE2gDMD41NR9HgIYTweBnsA32sKMMl6iho6PG9GAjQPp2MqBvhJLHQZ0Juj1rvth58xFf9DHRAikMXqh3GghoQWDnlcEST5kVLFTziP06qQI2QnQDjqH1UMSN41UsejzAGamjRJmb9BjfGFuamIcJL4VrOhU0v2i7hUwOl6BSUL6X4YzAIx+2qyin00CcHv/iws6q50to5+/OEKUXfK+6erKoIuSoNZXv1FlKArKyJhe3xlaRi+qMfR5PIsLRwXA6OR0AST8QU+A4YnNc8nWOroP8LAynmR5vHQc/cvx2MsGOhN003Wngt5FBd0D9G2W667r2HmTqBCPyPARG2cu5QNBl4GiyYIUZf2du5mgF6k3gM/tqmr2MyPz9nB1NShrkNzzeJwrzBCfDpPuDXqK3lev8MGKfsHjjG5F3T8hRZf3MhUM+igeqDsKP21O0e/eQAf0DQGg97ptHbruMtA1JMRFnBdh3aKWAJ2ToKzpQPFsP6HhdpKqqmTt7SkEEXt0RRy+QbSl6Ei8IZjwAz3Gk44zM3xLJXP0nts0ifCnYWFydjrDx1YI9JVY6pBndM9gHJ2XvlQwriiQRUPsCvDZZ0KWHuQu+4J++d1322kfI0lxKLpxc034H3dXH9rWdcXT2DG+W1jchOGU4OKRdU0IaFli+9qldsyghHamabc1MMNIJ2gXLyyg1/2xdoQta9hYGo/yNAJ6kh4Kj0k8Bcm1lrAtNGi2hVVXrpEjEn/AAm1SN1n2T2mz5I8Vds/9eHpferIcy3V2nhDCHxLovt/9nXPuOb8TDcsokxG6BhTo9MaQoyhFt/m/8jZjFSmuQPdHdCoYCUcz/6zC6NYY3Zp155OUS9LfTpz4iPbJzSbUmhj9a4/TA/SeC1mEstc6agL6lvWWjJOnp6kHNybLUOnAN+ZMqMEL6Bl5jIZiVk438nBh4qcHiaNeduoDQPbEX5CnYRtQIiDxC8IDKLLJdfZpJOJobFqROHOR9zsTqCqUR+awtlZA37JWjO7qujNC73cAfbsJ6HvuEo4dY8mZzJ0bQ0P3CBbH4jj8qhej8zbHCdTIKL3VyuipUGwMeqXlcQPo0SjNBKRgQ0HoE9aZvHlURboZ6H4dSmGpCgHOcxkZv8HoNzVN3+uSjHPNulNLiwGdwydOJPL89ckVMPq7xOtXr3X0eAB9i9PWGdADICbAF45w8IbxkDwxORVEKa9knCh9jVoDce4NxHFctDuU/4NuJjKaghg9gzWVi3xmJdtwY9jTdcjEcIyaZGT8mkX3fRmm81sqp8DBWJHvHHUCej2Wenkxui0Zx5x3RujejL6n+/bHPDkTujM01DvUeU8mKIvfAJmZX1cCelREdwEzozfyGF2Os7P0MX4LwR1HN4FpeEqRuy0iGD2X1MpAp4GV1tQkJYsz8zkuGSeJGL1LQWkVSV0U594x+tvieE1lbkERkyA9n+NCZbdqjdF7nriWJn77b+CErRagt60zoBPvnQ3eEd46IB/JKa/CGaMiLhVyjdEzRrtDwLoJwIAnAvQ40hijzyNz1xpMX0JSpFnH+cWZhSyVjJtNKuXkHFaTtTWh69wtyBOg+00iB2sD9LY1ZPQ25/FahWSchdH3+O5zRsd3h4h1dt747LMbnZ3ejC6IocHM6K1xlnVPifxuKGgw+ngoND05AZ8UB6Cr1Lcqovl0Geg6VhfmC5LCpmqS7Xhm82wRaSJGl5Jk9eZUaa9g9EsRCSvfcMTob5sY/UP6VlezCRKi59KzDPQnamZ0yMMl3ukghN7jAfQ2x3V+vQF9QzRqFaAaiccbvEVheUfrVzNWRh+PouBEGIcCoXBZFNYorclMTcInUaBHeIyenUe6aV7L6CLoASrqLI3OE7ObZ3KGZJyOEzMW3ffmiIKx4k3xrN95EZJ+zVy2CEBfH6A71rpuQD9IDarjiO3bZxmXvnPnfsvgFlvhjE2HYs+/QyxGx7d9vid9vUO9vQTvvS91UuN4f/V5ZrxAbiP1ziZjMUuMvmPHSBTj6Aihb6ZrYPLnxil7wE0DgVtSwlQ4pDCHdGNej0RXah5JwmlHsKuLEU0K4hpzN3ll3CXQHkkg/Y9uAxz4TKbDqlRYLGWTw+fOnTtNb7i5ZO6V73D7yQ/pJUYx8Yq4b32FGU/CPdHR8X4Cob9fGQR75v1KQD/f5rDVAXqj6/SbHa62caP3rsBnnk6GonwbaKwuAh0NsRy9Le8+Hg5hORhoMNodTGfpKaiKIpv6BMJBJGEYW5+V5gvYRL8lNg1bOO04qWIs5KL8mDkBhnjkJg3eIm3RjrSjsxkScIsFrMBvNCphVKSZfjN2q9gui22qCHSXtT5fX6C3M/0JA+huE5q2PWornLELznTfx7H4RBTdJTD3+Xq5dbKJDnzk4p850I8z6bjjQbKfx0NywAL01lZe+8jjuglkaWwaiY9k8DRs8yhXyiGM8wszqvTYLiObwn0vLFS/NU3zi8o4nZbZgIJBhM9g07hTcAlU495wSknRscnDOQnhxDCdvPYhysJR27ky0JlVAjo7V+vpeOQi5OEGmdUC9LZ1B/TGDUDEcVkOVK+fLU9gkuOEu2MV5jVwUVhrCD8eT8Xl2BgstVQopRFOjs4tYM1Ixhma/UKCRDJPWFVwjm/1urg1mFNgHuTiJGKI/CSN/qJZQQk4amv+fwF6Cyt5dzD6Thuj93sxevfv7n+MUfi+DwidMToBOoxt6ex86ef3jp0yMzpD+pE34yGyW7futgHdpGswNZWytzXt3n0gimTyjzmqConyeST5jQl8IpsyKrH9vIia4MvnhXFKGl1lWVUG9O9fEmF+pDKjnz751snDp4fFkMVbOTX/0c9eqZHRz/yFeCAXOgarMfo+h61DoDc2QkFbJuDm2AdSYXPnqgjSG8n2jORgpbksgZA8MTYdtZ2lk4+EEW0EebBqo0hKZBHhWgFSRSTomBD0ZhV42EjE4awN6BrmYX7EuwSuyS9+TKez6g5vfLWAXo+lrsLotFvV+DjbhCaWk+Oher8D6E+VpymTUJ3Zk4zPhyijd35KszUHCKUbjA52/AhMUn3z6NFKQKe6Bo6bA/4yEIwi5rflJEWJbCqP2vRz3Zk02dDJus5LirnWXcmxXy+iXYzRfymyrJpgdCb3/FtjPnqfcz46s5oY/R2Cc+ndjo6qjN7utPUIdMC3WwTfEIYSh9CIM1QnrwJeihQwmjFkq5mBt2+AaY0lphKnKKAws6lcIcPn6mmwXc8WLCKvhL95DYVw3Y19IbLSWtdVBno9lrqq695ict2tE5pMMXq/F6ND02q3jwrOgOs+ZDD6pyDhPRZGLxiuu2B0Pja5ItAbxs110SagE6gj6ohtLmH+hRoeWxKgW0B6BOMEnLA/ZmZ0tYBLV68WJXxJMPpCZUbvE4zuDfRlMPoHWYTwPzrOVGf0dhpFWR7rE+gV6uZgMsA0icaWqxVpHs3o0J5g758SB2eqZq119+Mcm5TbpKB0ImkVl/KjUhaqIkeRYvX059YT0Fd9qb1dd4Z0M6M7XfdHbYUz9vZ02rTazRndZ2L0zntc5jNqYfTjjNG9gW4Z2GcBeiNCCbZfS1jRTUD3SyhXyMKi+zUge0v3mo6KBeii5rk4I0ZfQHtdYnQ6HJ0C/S14rIzRwW9/j3xm8jLBeXVG52vR0lJ+8RABnZazwYlouHagNzhFoY356JTRZ8lSS5rfVBkXIVF7TpL05iZdcZyYK8n5PC2gbGquJUZfQ6C31GGpq8bo7ctg9H7zebpdcGYPF4XljG6K0aNCKep5S4x+5MhygN5QAei7MYI5qQs4WSjlYQCT6XAVAitbm6roR9cggychzRCe2CuloVw+UjHr3vfAjP5N4raji9fg/Lw6o7MlbxdrDy8eIqALpahMbCVAb3AHegphenyWR/lSISnppso4XZMkzV+pal0qFAjUI6bTuHyxpOJI83oBeh2WuhbX3RGji5J3V0bfbmL0bhuj06y7C9BrYPSKQE8T332hgEHYnzjqTbvcV9vRj65LCMTcBdDhHB0j5RM6qcUykmn5rnsVRr+WgPELhM3PGK67F6NfJxd7kCf6/BACPbi6QEdILRbzlNevZhVrCWzlplWYiY4tzWwRBdnO0b9sRm8x1nuVltod6Fe2Uhs4OADWwm0fL5QT57jMWMPszm1GU1t//xefq+rnX1hw/9R2KKTZXq6j8fkO3aFHqGTxf3/2OWanTv30FBg/T+d4P3qAG7+xbOlccb/xP75IvGFyLTIZYP1HvF1FINo8kgkA3sUuMamFl8QxBakfcyZ/41lXJj/52mvn4OJ96C/+ghkvlHn65R/Qi09m+TofyfI4T7c/8wHZkaTLg1uX6FfNdtaB8xWBft1hS6sC9GNsKM4LVjtmtd1WO1C21pFoKJba6LVJ0CVjPQ6TOFhFvGZ5QBc10SiikS+RlSotIP8DtJjboe0N0l22u6iCdbkavyG7KgO9HktdGejkBhwYsAC93Qb0/fQSvfFloP9XlsPhkPwvC9CtlbEE6Id8t+m4zDi6e5YA/Q/wYDB/MKATf/jy0+/x07J8xAA6d9JtSyS+fUNZ5nV6cQkpFpoDlT8L1+m+MpMP9x0mQKdmBzorff3uy8zcgN7R0wPhuXphcBC+6IGtSwzoB2sB+vW1BzprJjTjPIhiqQyKNVYB+sYg1ECNRXFgdYF+k6wZ70+aQfoqaklYUN7UtEygd7lfDwz06/VmdG+gU9u/cxu7tokS+O+l6SzNTPI/HkA/RJB+6L4MahF3zgLQAenPnVo+0EcyoVh43Ab0Y6lYSEXo1rcvszrX2WQ1RrcDnVH661wUktL5ryyM3keBfovEeFLuT+5Ar8boBOaP0PAcyuEooy9VZfQrS0678qUzeiuTlZmSg9WA3piBEgd5pHEFQB8nqxqN24B+YCQjIwRdSFqWtxPVCehs6u5qM3pXZaBfqcdSVwL60v+oO//YKK4jjoMJKK9GQrkiIdRWwekfmH+wEwNPCBmD1KS4CqWy2kqO6qZxlQaoEuSVULHPCSopDa5C1e4lEfdjL9uedRdfcza3EFk2BGPO+GJ8RjaW60KgIRgwtTEqdizSkj/65r3Z+7V7vwxHndlFGNuAde8++52ZN28mS0VfZlT0Cf2U2UQGRV+7Y+tsaHLsPQF6Toq+iJfGEOpNAH2NndoC7NOnSl7q8g3x48OluSo6F3S9K6QIzXVFx0KZzX/47S0J6iGl8OtzVPSjLL4gpywQlVvES51J0ecH6AZFV1Q8ZVaQAfSCgjabLbDosTmA3iYTuwxTdhNA9xK7xt4ARaWlxXyTbSjsWJwX0D2k5+JFH6R156ro23JU9EcKehaKXsYFfRkKOu9HAb+2TOvnxqfTKzqE6e+hMchzUnTdE4Q2RTHQNd4KmhBfScll6h6GUvXqdIpeXOvxuK5kq+iVsW21sHuEF2Rcm5OiL/wUwvPLIv2WraJbDDYPFL0i1r8xI+gFWTWYNdFzGQ4lR2SqxIO+iNqg2tkulXaWwvRbKFVPC/oSl8NhOmE1A+i1et384ken6PlY6pSgg85kct25pBsVHWdp0ukMis5gj4Kem6JjtXsvpbY40NeIszCUSCUvldz3EOK4Ul2VRtGLHaQ1TAl1pVZ0Iehc0fWKODAs1PCF56LoH7vh3M1JzLNnq+hG0C3zQNGjZ04WZAT9sTmCjm0IGNVtcaAHKO8ZFyBXGOnMueZd49IdM5WIuwv2VXIFHY/BnjeV9PzE6BfysdQPEqOXJSq6EPTlP78qTiUHaLoYfa2QdB30ppxi9EVt2JFKk9U40BeIPRyFkL8y0kGZq6rSKbqHDA4tHemh1JGFolcKRQfWN98SGYCl/e6cFf0bA7CpRoL6KZbsFf1ZwzUPFD3AX/Jeu7Iib6BrKnaVjRvksGKFTZxHD/F0nJ40T6PnUtcoc8H8fuLKFXSRAVhKXY9S0R/+Uj9I1l2Q/t2oogvffcuWaaJFIhqZTp9155I+R0XXt2UVQmNj2HZWiCYGXsjGlZRU4xCGREUvglKpWr5ExeJY8ZC/h7QA6PuueDzXO+MUPTHrHneY5TDWzbt9uSr6SQjOyUcnN258IUdFf9Zo80DRv6XSQCRkl+vyCLpoPdENlfIx0J1yrziPDoq+2LyvO1RAYtWMSxxduEiwwJ0XRy7JBvRo3XzLo4vR87HUDxijC9c9qui4jz7RQYh74rnnsld0IehZx+g24hSL77URbyxGV3kjcAZ6EECv5nMSkxTdQdw97LEOS1SLuhwMhx0M9H3sSz5KN0T30WuiFXE8Rq+MK30d53Xzw+RWbor+d8i1k47TkI9LUPTM++gmi//CPFD0igKbTIhStyJvoNfJ4qHupSG7vS4KOjSsYKCrUilXdDPQWyjt8YnCmCWoy0NkmEt6Cz/uINrCZgD9cVE3H5ZWPjpFz8dSL0j3XyUFCkncY4Heqjj+n8Fdt7LPPmPoc0uI4L8K+v1ffMUeBVt+KSy+/9Tt/95+H61819hYeXl5E5o+oQ0HNr1ZQTQS6C6M2O29hYqKT4UX9+8/K6uhiJNS0sV+Wr1ADYtbRBeocXqJH2eqr6mpqceOQD2+oKPdag1L7I8jPulAJbOk0Qy7hR0Be/nIkU0vu2lPf5gce5fbj9FwyJreSgZnLq1Ds1w4AQ3Muj5NOkAgDP+UEvRz/zHauYcB+u3fc8Pnr74AWMe4FW2XsL1o69GEH3b3d9g9BMdsvcKt+Z4i29vOslXD7kGvofEeQr9e8yPxgHmTPUUKKuJ8Bt1V0B8STqrKIai2CEDvMPxqc3NzG7FBe8Ap6PSjI4RsIvVSmGkxb0lQXOzx86UeIYPQyr+Y+uAAo98RJ7A4k2sfxnB6iWR9fTFt7Q/6pW3V8VaVaNj+Xx/V1462Rxj2J2psSLDGlKCfy8dSZwc6z8wZQBenWFcZhJ7JfFlZtFD2m3xk2xPA+QRVvV47nTAB/Y3bNyihN/4l3mezKpOJ2XKcvGoAPUB7RWNnLwRqr0ZBbzrL1r71BHOPj8eB/lN+iW5vUj+2l4B1EZUW5+mg29VubaSD4sjjHQH6Ybhff0dcu3cfYpcAndmmTUeuhbt6br2bCvQn2fWUmJf67Y3r+PU2pNqJ/8QFfNlMQf9OatDfNloeQedHE9auZozvANDLod1f+a69b/FrL+8Zwm7MrPzKBPRmaPzMIH3RDPQzKvSSE6hX2NhKKgtSgm639fLGztBVSFNioDffgzPO45sr2WUKOnrrwufGlm/D9BJpKSpyiXOqg6Q4C9Drt0G+HkupqiDtU1WFMziBcHGLgT76qD4d9EagHG5xNTTyC+PBNKDnY6lzUPSbyZ68uFcZ62jK4s64RRX9ieVX/fwIk+a/agT9tmr39jHnjJM+SWwQ5E/i5NWmg16bs2J7DHQnC9t6I6E+2Qs7OztjoDft/+CV5y0nCDlhruiNels/ByzMBhIcHbrU1TVMOtutUyIWW+oLxyn6OwmKfigK+tO8KdzTKUB/0kTRBzqg9eypv1ks+OLlquiPFnTOOVP0HQL1XeVc0d/SFZ23DfnJegy4zEC/h90dAyag1xElEnESGxd0VYZ1l8/oxxraNMVWFwc6rHF3KBQC0G1qHOjNzXUo6JXbzED3tIosmgRZtJUOaXDk/DDtD0vM33aE9Vq6bEDnVo1p2ipxR6VcXCkVvdFc0a0N8xP0m6b1M4j6KvNkfAx0rumg6LFKGiPoX/D23r32SfYu+zcNiLT9b4SiryGyphLtQwR9hVMV/xCM6yi0Ud11b9rPrGm/xXKS6cWAqaI36C2+PXxhisCXbnWT6+0AuojYwwJ0LujMdReSfihZ0RnqDPaUis4lHSegMzlfOBDkqfbj8FqmU/Rn5pGiw2lD4bjv2AqCDoqOks6bA7GrSaRQzUDXsF+zvN0A+quiiWCILGKge4lYdw0FXSGqJjMXHTkPKLKCI1Vh41RJAP0egJ5S0fGU+YjYF1vMe3y7/bQFjiq6sWNvbfagc9TrkXP9qokjPYWiR/U8QdEbvl6KLvrPmG+vR0FfHlX0abteSWMEXXXiGwMcd9yIJ32c8+18THaEegXoASiJ4kW2qp1vsfw5puiAOvtJIecV/ItZjN7FO0SO0nFYmjsuj8fj8HvusDWxNviDwtObSqnou+ek6AsHjrUS5p76Biz/hMRbUsfNrEFfZ7jyG6Ov5jE699y38n6eSYrOrh+kdt2jlTSvGUDHXdBCu5OBrtpwJIuYv+Wk7Nnd6yR1nPMzdqKKWXt91FvYzZY9HvQf2lDRzUHHkQvD5Apwztxvh0OSPEtE94FLojtkuhhd3JzyzpikV+FmDrco6dj+PwdFt6YF3bDWXwtFj8boWEljquiyFysvVr//vUn9gXCPO+5evbX3hwzzg20QmEeo7ITYTpWJRg4mK7rlAuxV0+B9g6IfmKLhS6ODrY52tiwenoAfF2titd5hjvz5QX8XcF7JBT0uRheSnouiC9B/dvpYK48w/ZefF/n1m3OM0dcZ7f+RjOOSjpyvF567uaLjTCVqVPQ6nL+naAz06AOhgAu6OORWaNc46AqM3nUS1anAZCZ2J4DuZWt8ILWiMw3vH/1HP/Ewzmsl6vMRqRb3wIqYI39+NEhcGZNxpYLyeiyviBNzHqJzzFMr+h6M0VHShaA3WjMm4/Kx1A8ao68yUfTEGD2m6FhJ45RMYnQxX5lFYexd9qXume/kiq7prb25oItarG67LMt9XmegW4vLuuuKbvn+J4CXdOx+sqIfmAIXzlWzp6bmOr3IE/CdCLr1DjjyYZ50T5d1z6zoetb9+Ccf8UEhRAp+fHSdeGLONUY/alz8VE3gcwNdVRRN6+iwdThv6DZ5Y1K32clZYTOzMzNfzszcnbmr29jY2AeQFkkVo/fxZXIaY/Q1+uTrAAMdO8EHZK7oZ1DsnSpwLmaysIc/e5z3BZyhhKw7ROj0czFKwxz0xz0U+rauZBG65BYJeH0/rBjeBZJrw4asXXdxqLE6hjhXdN11/2P6GH1PkqLzbFxq0I/mY6kfUNHjsnEJWfdlZQmKzjmHIF0JhRRiknV/Y5ovaoTOQoxu5565Yhe5OJuGD/2DADoN6UWXBA65BkhbDHSOOpQVWXAvi0hdvvHg59dubT6sj1PaU91Zw178mppoAl4H3dowNfWnysrKbLLumRT9qV+cPtXBR30SP1AO22tZKHo60DcarocCOvTPwqmk4neZis+wDyX9AzCJf1P020jM2N+RZTszlZkCpv2PunOPbeq64ziwrtoVgg06BuWPTgQCVOlUKkiuipbQTkCTBZqAVgmsrROgqTyEgEwgCoigUUTRIgiOtOniB66o7MabY5yHkBMSJ3MgZCQVLZmhkEDJQynOwsirJOWh/X7nd869176OEyhp6ffYJk5s8jj3c76/8zuvYuhoKw5FlgssKI+Q0+n0OBWzxxnEkzicXq9FKggGg07Z5kU5JU8DyqbAl7wFUkN9PdwUhw0+Xx9UZC8XtBA7JOqh/6W1tbWFaz2pkGk9FKu1ED9hla59CromWeFFP2aLy1sKC2elPAboYlhNjd2Fo2vZuJT2O384GjPrvi+yjz6So9NZHk+5qr/FODrf6yamo+aRwz8AACAASURBVC80Zt0B9SkPIKbuiDmOvr9fskGE1jEPA8dBXNBuNg8yznPvQX03BKGaFQWuIOih46WkSDYHu0ZtHu+OcdO3ctC5o6P+dFF/MUqyuyhgr+vs7Lxzp/x9aILXqgl4FXRQhgp6XEfnGgb0VyurXDnady4Zz+pK/FxiF4/HBP11o54K6IriNpsj/lJjJ1lrGrQn2IiM7n3a2+lDL/h59zBveJzfiDdkqk7odIrLSiosbOdqaZ/VMou1E9A6QIvQkoPftZOl4o+OOI4ed3jt9FhU9bh4Q/amSEXN1pkaR1obEfGeqctMpiFT3lDekIhJuCZPfqna5y9r/tUc1IH7vkDAVVLic9UF3KO7egK+1iY662gp186dbUGLzTzcWxQp4Kq9ePlSnf3Bw5kbNvBjK3lbtoInO8WPlxipqFoQsxoQ30fNJX5xXfqLzA0Tzwfl/pkosdXWGyQxkZA3hPHPwR5D0Pfy8+TyMaTZA5fjmTO3znSv7ma6032H1HkHmsjO9k66yNk1b7cSApwIN2NkZGifnjozcnNrxrRZEr8N/1f3y1HboG9R5OjGgwU5LMLxQ9fI4ld7Rv1czwboeUhjXNBxrj3dqAi4+UcCde1dJryZ8hjneZRM1IE+eU7obOWFKoDb7jZGh6OqF39V5TQd6MksQ9zW09cVdHoKbIp5mDYCvpE54C/rr+oNhxsf/eNnTwb61NLKCp9fdSp7f/jrsJi8CS3JzA0G0Kdgd2YKH378/kHPxzvwnk+iCAe8hw8GsQcuSi9t2ydC1KNnaOctEu+/rmX5akxoLWAxMYbJ2D/GGBv8UIji7EJrIVkm9qsl2Xf5Mp6EckJyWCDMyzkFbYoVixC2Ot0ZGbl98GqL01mgqli7F1NhkupqQXbJRk9tqhxCCsmMenqNlSxrjQR9IodHTxhFPSuOnjcaR19mtHId5viMAF/G38051xz9dGljc0VJmb8oJtyy217nKqv11QaKvrh29cqVWveu1gB8/tQtuCwzdu1qbb11C24+O3+5q1SAflIMBfV0dfUkJyP1yW09PX19A11dwQ5LcZTXy9qjG6j3lVRVXGiubDxb2nQ6cXjQxx8IncUf30c/Ppe/P/wlePS7/QpfdxWO4+g/f1YcnbG+l6G+FzHHRxrz3YuYY+9SHRHmEpxj/gmKmDeCPVd2X7tam0emSk1vlWtaUL6AOsfQILzYTkuGPsuxpluxQk5hN3o3u4nj6zHXDloJdeiE3pq6JsLrcS7Bqfm6afrZWw5mZ1uki1euXJQs7FVbt7Jkz3EunuFZycW3KX3v44/ffvvYsZV4X/nPc+dWnuv7Y1/foT5QTV9NTc3AQE1NVz1PWQa7gjI0SdDAOKSODgt8RM0JNSDDNhw/JEefOlW4+bKowN3o6Ix1E/uPh4YW/bu0+kKVz+U2Bj5uuws5u155//5rv2Mbqa5atUo9inxXWtqe7n3qEWhQNq+C7vOfv/L52ZtLtdAd4W4rkKDt9LQl08DQ4bbB22zAKCkpaRDPAPH39vd3+O3uuH1Dd8Dud5X5QCVM8EFZmctflGPoe/p9FdU3kdoXZr+QqQM9hqNPIUun0cdnwdHJ0vdyXxeOzqd37IlwdJrYuU0z9DO0CkhwTkWgTpkrnrfWMH+fFUp9LditqUU9ijw9PWX9+lk8WYY3znl5Rn5nINDZqoCf52qg78BTmmSnuhLnR/9ixOMiHTyX0ew5yEHfGg/0Y6y8x/UJ1xE2opPL5wKyeYEgXI91+PDhv6WmqsPDb2ZlZc3j4lciO6zov0zfqAqHf0iOzvleZnB03TMTY128Oc8UQgt0FUXRLQPdAHf12dAr0ElPSPhFQkLC74Fx3BkdQbf76ChyKSMtTXfWId54puwjl2QH8lwndY6evLMYuskTg7InmQ0B91gknFBPoCclfTN4FzOCy+E+++ajB+FwL+s6FMkjJZOMXwm4fBWVj9gghNiJ410eugelhyM5+ihC90SjvjtH5/linaPvi3J0hJ2PJqucr9VPC18rRqIF6FSEoYOjs7I7ffd8MUfxRLomzdER9Fs5bp/PjanYTzTQJ+BeozUWyUucOxVkm4OevWXHjmzeHsQHnTg3gE4jOkf4bsW/5at6xOLL1NQOWjVvs2RlvRkTdNDi/WwB54zt7MCD/w0P+lhU9bdxdF3eLZpv7YlJZfzzs83Qi82J4rusBPFumsw0Z9KkSXMY6EzryNAR9Ft0mL29DtBWQSfSNzNL3+zLuYrnZ0qDqqOD+mjMNij1MM7NjmB9UHHc5qCDePafJeN+unDhihs3bqxY8dbnodLG6ubrFRUAPli3PeCOwbgI8bF1MlEy7i3Mp4vNMjOX25V63ASpY+YIjj6a0D3xdUMZc0fP36Nz9H16R98W09HJ0vWOzlFnnNNAdGTgzhy9PNLRd9PRiFelQmQ7gnQRurtx1/7/QH/tHuB3hINeQAGUzcE490gF9fUWqYCDDto4KtBZ4G509Fzu6O+wYgR9UCo4j1P6BoHzLH7+2LyTBtAB9f3b6cCDeKAb6vr7dHQ1CTeCo8MLQ9UXyMM1yAOukormxtB4zHTBfQ0HnUuAzhz911/V2V2tRYFLn16rk1vTDI6+ilacuC+yQztki+ro4OINInquwVldTraRfI25i4N+964e9Nlhv78kNFzWffzpA01NoVApKBRqOnD6pUTat3lR4iIT/bWG+MCZ2Og+M/OhH7c17PgaOB/G0ac8hqOvSVwToTF2dHyIcPQ9e3TztodzdIBdxZzPLNE5OgvfDY5OpLOSYsUjlKTaq1cuuZmhp6Szffe5o3PO2ym4v4Sga47OZ9UFJQzYl9B6iaD0HHf06S/rQd9S4HB4Dz2eo2Obonf0d/Sgpw6YZUWWB7LiODoaOtxngKVvjw+6oa7H0NGxPLmji2ehagjTcyItvOpCdSnO8sO0uy7rHhv0det+45JcF+ukWpzWGmhNi+XoqL+ycfHLYLR6Rw/qQd9JO81NtDioj14MoV+vCvpNyqddf6LhNUw75AnQmZ+Do2dmLg/39j7AuD2mo/PIfXSOvsaop+3o+XEdHWHXOzqwbnB05uliFslqHeW8j65LxpUzyvWODvf5cg6G5LjBsnwqRW/oEY5updXlX8QB3UvzbM9D8I6Y4/G7xRNU0L1sWMx8cNhk3DEj6Ee4o+PN6OipqbcHugZuI+ZaHz3a0UkzRnT0sajqcaOeWR1jDiYVgxgIBxrBxfU5riII0itLE+bOnTZt2itzf0l6lYsvQPmQK43ELqN2+SprvdvTW56P2PZNiCY4zWJrGK5A9R3p6cGJNpSfEd3kCVjdNKVyolN+eePx416pONhQIDmpfj/4wCEHz0OcLfVgi71p06a2ro7gIJ/zzeP8xZFVFa39pCRt3vjSk6yyk6As5V/d/3eSCCXeoAOtOPVffuegp+uD5kiydM/AVVN0OyKxHQ/VDVT0GynRXHJ2i9iCZT6vtRd5UQVP6CgUfMjBkPwzl/yTwsLnxXxW/axWLisdaA6ge5hR0842xSJ0x+1sPBKtl1Acz02YMI42vJK9fPHrDslRj5MqFXyCe+J4i22WiF1ypi+JLbGZVtSWOzz7p6X6I8S32Di4MULZzwboebHKeN19UR7FrXTuiB73RLBxNt4l4nS7r+p6YxN5tTiBLBp0Nqf0tY8+pKIHnU9VrTtRXj4rYiNXDXQW3Z1gx5+CLdskSbnHQT/oYMk4czH7iyu0VMomO7KPb6WJ907pEIF+nFqBBslDoA/I5mJF6shi67iiQd8eUdhR8ItjgY5CyJH1YUDnR1TyzNz/mTu70DayK47bsh18ayfQl3odlQWDQ2J2SfoQ+9aB4AXvQ9jibqDsxnlYlog8VHFD0UBKSF5MN6GkpC07ooGZ0bgDAgmJjhSPE0LijR1Zjr1ef2Cj+HPjl7hhNyR52G6XBval99x7ZzQzGsmWHbk5d7Aj2QGjO7/5n3PvuecUBb1/X6H1VwD0/HBwXmgtHYXF0UzY2eUy714nh+wdURJsGW4ORdwdkZygB1i1v3F6i2khDnqa5kQrrLYYryqYQSjs8/ESlprGQVfZ6aowSlPQfSqSVIxipUFv6/JAvI8NlxFNoaMI6OfpKA56fyWmuoSiVxdcNiOvDoCmH3Uo+oFb90du22R8dHDk8Rc3oSpia+u7Dx5/URx0ruicdBvon/Aj5DkBQC+u6B3rwuj8Sg5mHqoa6Nd4n0YNiSJS2+gHrtOluSyKIbUpxE7OTIhpBjr39RpEDZyzGxs4TM/GPqfHNU3QXz3V7v77xdYVnYLOBP2dYqBTSd9U0T0mv7cSoFO8L1rL3EVA91b0PN7NiUTzNkCPCqxWRCpaGvS6CBpfWyOcI3Uqq1o15WN0e02nRepqJagGP6GKOgqHNJU79ez0q5/1cCYPdYWCHqZnY8P22vRNXVWKJKlpqyUNL33T5inobQWg70jR+ysx1aUV3XVdP1p93faTTu69Mz1femxnPBkf+noW/mJezbz1PuS5xG9tpugFrvtfecXVQVB0JhzeoHfcGYAlAPIIp3P6vfmBhnS9xvzIVaSFJWQoEkYa5r5dzATd9PWoovPgXpc+tCn6U6TqBrr7onxFL+66M0V/781RdHZtquhFJJ1+hfQ2HD1UNui84uqisBno0PsWCTKtJdZgSH6z264e1mt4NUoShhthjJUw+VMk8/xj2gH6FAO9lgf3omEDfUzEiq5Zx+W4175lRS8J+pul6NVH3ZiTt66bQg//AL+dKfrN2eHBlE3Gh+8vHdjXu6+XXCboD/D4yuLaQOpIuYp+J5JapLUiIEmyLn/LBCKRgA10ci9evnzpzqWXJEinvKatJ6fNapCqhmk1AxGZvl2Igf4pc92nUBZWW4LW2dhn+Rj9FW809p8yFZ0K+vs7VPS3C60iin7iolPR6Zq3p6J3FFP0KM7NzeVwtGzQ9zCXPIcS0WjE1hUpEo3scYJ+gsRvHTKiq6szKG3Wn22yys76/YZI5hpjVUQSkvjaTA0D3WCuu4LGWMRuno21ga5C058GHYWcit61K4peiakupegux53CfZ1/r4YYHWwpf4qDMv6gvxOWpQ+YzyL+l8Yn2bN6pOwY/TR1yZMCxqMYRXiMXidDuqxcZ1P0EzSV6yUrI9ig6l6g92G9wYBqBhlNpFVqyKtPe3q6FCP2uQoO3JQkwhbKR0HrbOyzvKLzM/O69JZL0o8xSS+u6CDqO1T0XQK9HEX3GPBlnZV2mUd7ygW9mbvkAkqmkBAwI3eBvIEjTtDBBKbomTzo9vrSOspksDEB6VKY/Z5o+P01iqopaaTSNr4qXYwLsVyLBsMGOj8K3yCGXTF6m5Pyyij6boLOzO62U9SZll/nsH/xJRFynsmbHBye7beF66DmeUV/xCPtwbulFZ2ZQ9F/fzpKvC8ZDS42Lk5DDc8WqPWXXF1YmBdku+tO94TukD8FgjP8Xy/QTyo4y6Y1A+cKFF3CTT3/VKhDn1Yhmhe/o/snwec4w6qg2GJ0Kcbhf1FujP4aFP0nhfa6QT9hBul5Re8oEaMXU/QIXuC56mWDzjqXynh1oXF5QKhnzc9wfLlxbhBFCkDnip61gmsH6FWiBl0eaPFBEWl6GElj/pCIDAOLOkYQvfko6H5JZXeEngfdagWkOlbjdknRKzHVRRW92hWk8y+m3/7V7PBtK9X77tDjJfvuGgynoi+Zp78HylZ0gvrFjl/wen5xmdxM6xGZPTfmUcAGOs3NvixQ0MP4iifofSoyY3HUpGuS8tuenjRFP4ZOnteVDMuH+Cj4TJOyE1MGemVbdTd4fTN8rEDR4Squ6O+UjNGppG+q6LsAeh7znSh6C9/lbkxGywedcB3Yw1Zl2Np7IiokF9iuiwv0jpYIVfSMZDR5ge5Li8iMxaWYKmlKjd/Hlug0sUZXDb4yB41ZjamJrCRV2RV9hte0cm2uuSCvjKLvJujW2nq1LSrn8H/1YCRueuvJ28OzNzs7C7fTnaC3jrJc9dGhshWd2L1794Qcz3UnNxLCxLED0hdoQyx22wUCly59A832EFIVCWeueYIOB5n46rpI86JIeM6XajTlypUrDPMPPrgR3ID2ANor2z76L3/ArNHY03Jj9FKK/h6T9E0V/eeFVgHX3a3oLDOtHEXvaOGbZCvU+yob9Oa6BC+8PSk375FRMomgEQNEAmaJqERkvWOdzDN5pouKgaU2b9B9Y5IZf4VZ2O7nm25TKAa/ZoIOy/WwTWffXmMqn0Vpx1ocR73Sil6Jqa4qcX7mQOdRG8IsH6wfSiSZ++NDX9/a1+sKxt/myW3vcvsZs2Ha0HAQ/8iy189wss1uRh8/efLnfGG3P8JBKDLMU4zkZuK76fOoLoKmFxvnxvEygB6trwcHjxbzFZLC9GqOzL6qZr9rbzc/Zpez1cTS42ZQjH74V69+xh/euvTw4UN+SPHXkAzVc/LqNV7+kOVBbRiiPhOTpA2zZuJhpx30tPddiZD8qbCf26+Y/ZRZOaC3vhbQm50wQmoLvQ7lk1w2MzeqtKHh8qjQ7Gl1gUSiSB8kZgl+eo1ouJwkjuBKapJmxwSsvqhkrvHo/Gqc0KlpeldfseZPCnPADTxmvmFutYTzvaHo/0jHQj6HpTE0/UFqLX/t97SmLZl31o2/DNBbKwn6UXcijAPyu0P3l1jSztZA/80QSk0K+MszbtDPwfUkRQKAb/5CQP8DHbzIng30aGqBdbtvluM0Ahwdh8lPMNBlITe3PEmVJIfQ95CI/IOqKbXgrLsfvgqKZSayWPuMg36er7somgt0YlZq8wU6nmVFhJ9uBKEKMgze+/mweYjh4GGPUQA6dfSP7d9/lo6tg97qHq8fdJbCRgf7ti3QAwIaGMgvprk4l6FkY6QE6HztfRlFeH+VFYj74oLZUW1ybW5NgLLdqwjOrPT1+cIE9xoP0MckaWYiE0aK+YbOE2Ox4gTdV+urdYJem4ZuMor17usEnfeiKQF6Baa6GOgW4fwf/fctyHF85AEsu/HE+62B3t3949DgyN+7z5w5Qi+Hoj9B4ytzOWHgY8I4U/QC0NdhSWZ5nJDNe5NPpxrXBLmegs7qdE+O85MOGSK+KlLDIkoXKnpfnwJhR/ikCfpVg7ZmzOCYF+jX6AA9v9DeHgze2PhTMHjcoegf8q4mFHcP+0ehokNATxgvS9FbC60CoB8yBb1lB4reDFXU7dtjdiPP5OWVcVSK9CjKLTaupYR6vqzXmJpenDb7Hcuw27pMJ5yADifV0lgMG0gKebRzDEHbJlHPv6bL7w0xFHKB7mVjIdvPdhX0Skx1CdfdEvTqB0N2yG9yN763tyzQT3WfOtXd7VZ0EPRzKX4u8QlV9DuTKflfp12gdwRo8b1Ic50JOk4iKugEdNZ9J5XjCdDP2y/osIfWoCA/Ab0gnOpKp5vMuImA3oW1mUxWkj4vBN08rQRyTq7jwePQgiwIbQ2gs4Ep6KamHzy4RUV/CxQd7OwOQN9bCUU/ZId9u6A3WxnsHgE4XZUdFFhD84gsyBG3Iw91mjGSA3Um6MkkRlzQ6+lK3QoN48lUS3BODfbQMpLmAXqVL63Hamw9XIm6T03pyKjdAugO+/+CvreCoJuS/ujxYJJXBGaQWxF7maAz44J+5nc2Rf+WVxoYiIOiv8Sp6emkcM8GekCG2pzRCFUJ1jhrITWZW2NPefIWXZKPxy3QN1hR6AlR8VB0ajbQr/rhuW+cf8hA/5tL0UHSGeftrI3B8aDZqYgL+nYV/WwZiv5o795W93hUCdc9j3vL9kEvbvIo74aUAKJlFJ+OI7neDjmrwxpN5JutrKHB+Wlsgj5PV+RXLUXXWfbLDAp5NWh2vayCY2xiuOqNBt1jrh9VdDGus3rW9NddkG9H0Tno1I7YY/Rz31r9DYmiX+b9qOVPLNATaCA3/T/yzi60rfOM4yZ2hB6im10k69hFcSBtvXVub+J3rE1bSi82Q4g/toaAx5gowa6XJj4kadd2S71sS5xBodIw09EHgjN8KlEdVcpFtqWdalvxmZEnJFRhyWsvEjqSMWwYuynsZu/H8+ocSUf+SKxWSd9jCxI7wej17/0/z/M+HyxjJiYqH7J5z6qurNJfAFT0EB7wVSxSPvzf2jWok6LXg/4ORb2vh2Pu5KPPiGCcVHQ+brCm6FLQd+qj71zR6eY3rfaBvkWk/F5A13G+YYinrDN5rxDN8s9Vki3pEAeFx9hVUigWq3H6b7JS0RX+H+iZvPTR/WGsRJ5rMYm9fnUnkws9PZ0O+u5vdWvQP/6HlHLj6kfvO5Si3iXoT3DU7Yr+J5xYrKxT93xDlCBW4EkJ+gDkitWsHjezhNcuhphhZ1TYcHoXB90VImwSR4WAXsrSn3jx8H8wqzGa3o6iM9RvOIM+I1C3K/qROh/dMt5bRd13TdEfCNA1sb0F8FKORSsZasdb7jmp5EtZE3Jxfm3u5gmQ2TI7DDAWp0Kp6CnmiJIqZQASFHSR3zq/TdCb1lcb9A+uS69cv/7BoSbI703Rn6i7XqNeuh6ntns5qzxDTffbIjPGA7cl6KF4PgKmCSRLRLGDK0RNvkLJIFzQXaJDMP0G9VNNUWMM9MNicNMKPfG3VHSxbrRS9MGaoh8+h4LOo+7sQyq60O7tKvpDd6Xo32le9yPobqJT0iuCY0yOqIK03d1KrkoUPQMkx08Car1rRMkVUkTlZ7pX5eN3dAM0ZuJz0DFb1U+SDwzo7dhqZ9CxCs24+uFbtv4qDRU1mLQjAwbyZxoTCzNiHsbxJU/jkkNOsKPj9ItsLtoVCnJWIevnT58+fVtMu12F3hMnxHQcTTeNVWrtmcTgKa+P8SAOEDWGMdpc3rNmEHWDj8QYAfhnf//nkF5ZniM+SF/cHHRsIHYKB4PJPiNiLu8f332VP++yRhaDMzNyLvglXKyxiE3gj4mFTvujdQkzL7zwW1wC9DMv4fqyQd+7c1i3KC3bfMWIQhVbWOZKCuOqEnQXlAjVb88aPbsxyu72agooGufcpcSrxXKJ/pEf8SEO+mQaEssrafBB4q5Ab8OpsPnpgKu7E0CvSfkheyMlzF5vCfrj/HEG/fmnxSNBv8zGmb18mVLOh52uRwzz9fMM9BHgx3yWDNRAj4tI7SqA+tjeWExkSFkikMJbVzFZYAQIBb3/8wBV+eDSCszV8hTrshW3CXqt2e8gY11OEbWBPkE/ZWxOgi6Gi/cj6N/GHFgJOpa2NoD+nKhtaQ36403rkfsSdKrRbHoxGuosNSYfJ7WkN2KKhNccoaDHQiHOt9uFzIdE1LZEvG4b6H0shzGwuC9Iph4Q0Nux1S0UPfXJx5gKd2h3Ff2sk6JPXzGZRbZxnjUi0yBbreqQUU+MCNB7AcQtSwZUbqarrro8qgpmwYuhlde4ovf3B/zLS3w8a9/kThX9lb6LjaAPzvDrdCT90qVZAfoE13SePLMzRT/z0E4V/ZHmdX+CLjLbYiI1Jl5aKxmGdauuEiHyFYCYmHjqti1xu8IieXbQJ5OwOC/SYHYMelcyOdV5oLdjq51Bf6vOGW+HovPxpLey+voVqukvRuKFcj4HG6znoGFGAMy1KvwcFf1JFXgApxinXlkuny8o9vsYmTBJQeeSfo0KOQuSWf3hnBV9aCodDu6hoE9OTV20g/4TllAT7WtQdL6E4S4UfRZN94kvSNGbN3///QS6S1PFhXmM6JXymkm8fO+y1CxP5XXVyorTcVAHKEa1vJoFO+niZtVTbgB9DuuUoukWoE8Fo+HgAsN6LtlVh3mAdamZ6njQ97cv6o6Mc9jvVtE/+uv1v2+i6L8wIWIS5db09E2hyjmFzZ9Uc54yc9PgLxL07zNrPr9WopuCOTExe8Ik/7syCYlh86cBglzRRduQYMBZ0XmzGR/Mjft57pQF+o2wb26eunx9DYo+OOPko3NJF3dtLH/mK6vorqbeEI2eOaHnNzPF1Agzz8o8GkcP6WK+yGay2LLi6LldWdMNIu5cs4rLAh070BTA26Do2BXM7wx60kfS1IdPcqwDSdsXILwyv+gLLHxlFf39XVD0502IK5D6oZOi/+HOzTuXszzWritXpvUIZlFQSX8zZOCdi/TRqZcOKVNMZitjTzF7wiQpFFmkbi+O/yOQZqD/2zfPE1sTjoo+FGRtJvYlIEzm5ucTkKiBviBu5tLRZkUfbPTRJyxFP/bFK/pY54AeIhBv6A1h+eShkNclYu2KureWwaxYh3RRsfbTqxiiWZEipT1mge5SIvQYqIrMZwv0Pl8aE1sdQe/2sRzn+WiARFeWlsPEIj0aFRdzwU4HfayDFf34n401T7GqpBwU/RaL6mfElpfJ+rSZKVS478Vs93XWYoK1d5Y+OvXSNWJU82tmzVm3g+5WIZ4BxdsrfPTTPuDNIv4V8M2tJHzRIUdF78M+YQFRujZHTknQMf9iBd5poejSR5/FqPsRe9SdifqjbVH0/c2rY0DnOUz5lN3QsjJgOLW123MXZAt5HlATh3SV3asSr7WbXoUVPhTiJIvOug10VrmWMUB11YNObffo4mIags5R94QQ/GXgbSiWAmEr8124d/5oh4Hejq1ul6If+FCY4wXyVJOi34FU3lMxCUbRzCwBhRUdF8iPmZO+QdhFaejESE3RBzRSKqx6ihFRzbRaXxLR69W00Dd6e1HRfRDmySusab8vODTuqOg9sk8YwbSqKQl6WjYrONWo6IN1Pro03SfQdD9mN913ruhf20LRR8ea12ingK5mmntDyOiaUigWC8SQUTSWAcOq0yIyISZjErspQFXbLFTLFHAFw+8ueziOughazArCI+h7WKlZINHiHh0zavYRcYTPAbrpXVO1AuXOAn20HVu9DUW/u6j71QwGTv7WeI9+NqKLRDgRYI1keLFSJlNVTDECZOS2FnqNDfGpKTofO66XC8Cs/XxEqSuDkNkdwkd/MwBRjhqr7WcF/pNO9SP3FAAAIABJREFU9+hfx8M8jQXKkJSgJ3wYxDvaFHV3vkc/0niPfleK/twWij46tr/p6RjQiewK4m6uLcdWQKvihFaomVcukVwO1d8dU1XNa7fPeN6jUvKYLCHOU5UZcRbqLpvLjqBTbLqcylRlEbqoTYU0Nn3urtn0aNaFOw30pr1uG+iCbOfcN1kNj9l50o/AFLgDGG2vgX7Hnihzdnh4+Peyf1xc2GYKlh9D5nU+3OfatbdxlHbNRxcpz2aVKn/EpGa6+OVEwGW/IxzUZIDBO7mg1/3K0EX+NDT9iGKfMGHWrcCkBH0cgkus1WuCJci9iosP/rlw8kd0DdJPHL1+bmJ2ln7MNoLeYpYmrjNi7bDxxOjYgTH65o7xt5i/7pKiu3fhxqw16JrQ5aIoMU8RAXyJgOV81XPsJZGKJ5+DQlYhxLTMdEm5WM2gOzaeEGwmxaFO7Xtxtlv67cdATfLLuHVf2AT0+p0+0EZFvyfQj7OPT6Tp/r+6azUK+u9k/ziSWqXOmCEbimhvvIF16G+LaXwS9AFZxKQrvTFNDaEItQA9DIF60B3XAgZcfayJ2LIvLINx7x1dAJ8/CumjNtB/feEkfS5c4JTTFwn67MTELM+IPVLvo4sKF9lE6rvi+eX3xFMDnSe7b9dHHz1wkL63B/k7fFC8HOwY0Fub7hr2j1NIIb+aAsW0lbQ4ce7WiAi2ZxTNq6lqzOW+V9B79rDUueUghCGxxHi3ytO7xdVLsKfDQK/f6d3Z6nYp+vGfmiwYV1BSDamvw8NYfl40IiwmZ96UF+EhBrqY2Mdm8Q18+hqCHpPBdgj19toGODiDHoH4ZqB3J4LJyaGhcd6TIN33LHXpoxAdwm9+j5J+KpH2P8uLVesU/WRN0QfPiYYzVNH5wzA/Qp86Re/fQtFf2qGii20/yB986RjQWwfjsPx8DXj2i6Y6g84C8/KqXMbgZOeoewC9O+H3M7Hu8rOJisGuIPjCPrDXqHbNhaPpZE/ngV7b413b6jaAfpxJ+sPfekrn12s/E1E4S9FfHr7JCpDyWXJn+tbNXz3zA1HakCcbFPRrqOgnPmP5U+oAB/0zDLYbimgovDnoafC1Bn2SfjUAgR7mvX9zoW98/DfjSb///+ydXWyT1xnHDQlujmAXSEiMIg2l0kSTC5IbctaKwEilKSBtICcBRVULBAlBUdjyrpCErKUsyS6K0jY2oPkrs+TIwVZtN2YopXy4SVy8KFEgyiCBlQtQpkiToHfjYpu0c85zzuv303YcjB1tzxuCAr47+b3/85zzPP+nrbU3pehfpmZq/qpHgH6M7d1B0ZsUis40fXetJkeHxvRsFD3rppbKN/RRWSygm1+vlbki86yHhcAcLFvDL8JnlcfsZexgHkM1ewp0f9lyQY/a6dBqL83Ix6JR+lfU4XVE9TQWG+iV+VjqvOXoVZVVt27f+FelupnlQ9aXOoxCA1h6euHCBer1ukgvwucGQmcViv4YJebuP4xIHYqtO7cVzaTo1xE2B91BHSkmfPaTwotTdK8pQScPB53v3NuPyYq+lz5s9Pp2mqNTzi+Dni9R0ZeYoxc36OYFMy0SitBhDKIxIT5PtnmKBvQ1hHPp3jTJyoFsv3Tf4LA9F9DHWFY2jpgPJKh4Pqvg/wdBP8gedtZeJd+ryYr+ASX9/JPEkwMXOOg7F5EUQaGRrq6uEZGjw4t9GgehBlZiZqASH+2VCXRkCvou8AwbRQEz0DnpWkUHSdco+na+dWdyXguKvi3rHJ0m6Nnn6FVb9FFVPKCbRxm9ECtTFLpHJLWlDD+Y550qLXhomrwKjAV9SaBzC9gAHistVOQIelU+ljpvik4gr6KkGyg6Zf0CBPi3P32++Ixg/kUXF/SRDn5el3DBaZyLzeh5szwbRXcj9Acz0MUADq8jV0WXc3Sm6IzzE6DnWZ26f/y2cuu+BEVfsaArGg1JbFpDuVcXwYeUBezWIEZxSXPYnhPoXq8wpPg/6HkFHQRdp+gM8w/UoO/c2cU4lxW9g7ekcdDrax57/C019XxiZ0ZF/1km0H1a0E9WtGpB/9xM0ffqcnRQ9Fpljm6s6G8rc/TXl5KjZwT9bwPS0E35p5v4evGAnv4t4Id72BnRvsJqYsrKXh7oUZ2XVMkKBz2XtTYBXVUZ8xM14T9SE64BfEsDRCMPbiXzRx6/5XEAYg+PLgih6M1wtz4T8jCPGcWsT4MBQdxZrvrJkz19fX2f/h2h37xLQuzCeR8qa0qlQxZhfq5oT2XjWjZ6EcKO1kOHDol+dAL5oOJ67RhEynAGQuToIOi7NY5SfGCLslCGeki9C0FBP0qe9yGWC/q3+PsHt0OfiM8PXMsWdOsrI9qEXQ/cujyUa12tZaYhQKed6lZretB55avbXqJ3h3RbSgseuYOe01qbga6sdX2FoIscPciLoOsF6PUZQK/20Oq5xU/7+gjoPzDQuTgrQe8Oo8CdtVNOn9yH3t/bz/yeJwJ2X78C9EFK+qBQdA560152FtfE5zmchhT98m5xvcaspfb9yRz0HytAP8p27kezBv2g7lGu/tBt8u36Df7T1Rs3VgrotFNlGg7mMwfHHDrVM4Be4nRO0ZGp6lty5vfsRo7iBl231irQc1rrgin6+QP0SwM6F/TPbM1+FKFF0MGF6qwUvZrO/0gO4yRT9B8MFH3M4fNG93dTNxLkrTiuVHQxwSGaAn1Qqeg97T27Xuy/QhS9Sdi8y4p+Ga7XZEXfl1bRqaZz0I+CoGet6Af1UYU+WbVq1Vv0A2/hb8n329fg47eG7q4c0GmnSnIASYoi9vSgB+mol8QQ8piBXhL2OWNRmN6AVdbOFqMJDtqmVrc7WmDQjZY69eHc1rpIFd3WXO/xeCR6O7tAQK/PBLofTz56mMST6KmJooeR0x1DvpPdFdFAKZ1omVL046KJyatTdC7oL+zIjpytx2AAY9PelKKfUCs6bWjJVtFfB9SzBP3IO/o4wiy/2Jv9K0Rztr/Aiv818uC1FQQ62b27XC6EJSS1ZAF6EEfuPZoNDSQlE9DHnCjmdhIlt0Td4TaTuvewGX5e2g3taysk6EeMllp+p+e41gXM0c8bgS4UnaDegWm9VQI9zqzob7IrmpmheCjRZ6joJexNPmF3i5GWCkU/KZqYfIY5ek/7fuQeXTsaw78EzGWb92UpOnCetaIbgy6v/lfoz/Li3x36/rUVBTqrfL03s24+Llkzg85mMq2bkxLIBPQYm9JjWMG+2gEtS2vtZmWvXlpoMWX3WYoNdPmdnuNaF1TRzytAf7a4+OysXBlnI49fVFBnBp2f3M6jSMJY0XmrYgDv14Le29/Km5h8DrWikz8g6HB+e8cZ4MPT957mpMsFM69A0Q/rgqz+KqPt3CraCUo2rTeLFXT9uXoLtMXMqYyjTEDnHTTDceRHyK0HfQzG5a51xgzoCshzk0327bC7m0LRQoJutNQpRc9trQuZoysU/XcD9Kbc1cwlnfao2uSR6NU60MuDwU0q0MX8D0Rnp2sVnVDtc/Mu8416Re8PsyamANplpOg97YN8ax92wlkczHOQFR0q4/Ku6Iff0T1HjA/j7j4gcfv6g58WKejUPUJzU+6RR6IbpPDCCxZAb+G9j7P0F9wIdD4D3dhOAtxm7vicJood5vZzdkdhQU+31LmtdQEVXbl1T0pk+ebjofdErTsh3Rx0D/OCLa+p2RQMltewGQ8zcEWTuEcHpOsV3St6kSv0it7b6kM+hxPZW40VXQk6ZOmyovNT99r8K3qjXtEPN6qu126xK5cbV+Hn4t26t+DknLb2zRz0FlEIbw16guwsDm5e1w3h2Uk2ZFELurCT8Br6xkQxdsQw8pqALgaoFxT0xvRLndtaF8c9+hdQzT6HnisU3XTr7kGT0/fvhVzl7JeAXrXXI7r60xHqPTdklKPDa/6Oz2uQo/d3Y1/M6x53xlSKnqqM428JsnVv4odxyhydbd3znqM3NuijUV0wg2kRxdVrxQ46H8qkqmY33bpbqRcsLYT3gEk0Ad3PnIkekt+YR+SfojrQuRPchOF5myWMYl5vIGByGLe6KLbujRmWOqe1NrF7NiyF0wxb4nZWAnDx8qmCqOOR6kNn8RGPvr4D9GvPnjP06xlvRB3wjLCw0ajG0PxY3immqkLXage4GMwjCUyiF8hnF1B8MoElqgsJhP59lISYrsRKYlp99sDEuA9vbuWlcP08aDlcFI5ix9Hx7z7nwX3dAfQK6kUxGsNfNjWpu9dOiAlNinHp27ZpZjBpmlnEiJZf8Pg5xAaINKAfVj30q/FllMBaX+2pm9yfNqcygzM7jOPVNMMYD83PzCcxIb2FjmBNoiTzhI57acGj+jAuin3jEwHsM6x/c8a43FuMw2ufYodxJZa0kWfQtSv9EpZ6OaCDy82WLW+wRwb9CHsu1cGjBf0iPARzGsC5DHo8qADdVo5RBOOFTg3oj/k+LyJMopvJZzs8rgHoc08g/A8O+iDdgQPQrdSt3bu5VYDe2w8PBV2ex2kxBP3KlRcYkZ398XPQu0Zr3U+zWvdaeeYi83veClPYNKBrmlnMQF+/gX6Zgr6jUhUNDZUNlTtWIuhWPk9V7fpodZHXNlFs3VshyT/MdnczERfN0ulQddoMQUBPOvWgl1IHORwz7GWxyHb/JgS3+ZDdjnxtlgKCvkO70i9jqfOg6AJ0iA/NFZ3AzhX997B1m0fPBejvUdK/WQgufFMd9PtZ2YwAfYG/FULCJLrGRlG3XRyKA+joPwz0QYWiE9K7d52ke3UDRXeLeZwbjRW9vb3nRVvFlXPnZEWnl+i0e40r+r7dfObiVnNF/zijoq/fkBb0BtVDv61I0Mv88J4e1qg3WWWPNehyuVSw87fCHBj60/0+1Lqzs3cCesRA0VeXlrZFTVrWLPxIPmw3ZTjqcEQz6HneQVescyVb7B3Fq+h1JorOJb1PpehnFvHs/ZmHIddIStEJ6s2dnZ0esmtLIldHCnTenj6NxNyOchu9jbN99JT9B8nR/ym27lTSBeg8DBR9MxzfuO2HzEAHyzjW1ALdaxC16inKW8H+VQs6CPoyFb1OJehV7E/digTdKsUfrbs/adCISnvXExHVf/CEfpa7wc8K0MtcoWnI0Q1BN4+Yk3k+22NpILZkjryCrl5raA0rRkUH0usuZVT0VI5+5uwC9XmN2yjln/2ab91tZNNOEjI2ZtefAr3aT9vTp5NYzO3ohE9f/DqBhmYnsQBdo+hq0FOKfujUqRgOjE44UNt3etBhniqYQ57j3pBNqTZVoejM73mZik5F3Rz0Kn2sTNDp9RqWHWVU+TjFeWZWeSLH2tPX0VHK/FRegN4iSZPD9NR9iaBH7b6p0XGnvc2yrMgv6PlY6uJQ9D1dXSPPnz/rAszlrXtnsx8L6//6FOj1LhQfQNJjKUl+CR5JHqbnzbaLF79+OiBF4ipFJ6AfD3i94e40in6qN0zeDk7CubmiH2P96LxNdbt8GKdV9K25Kvr6DevTK7oB6JdWJuhrrEG/R1/s2oJDCd0dGy1sp16wHuo+9l/2zjY0qisNwMHYkIP9I3ExGGhhLbjuLl3zI14wH6xxWTYp9WP8CMHOhsRSTQ2JM9TGfGDQdQmpGPWOs3AzTpztpJMm7GTILI1EdxvyjWiDRRa0rezSmh/irsKuRdE/e8/7nnO/5s6dmUxmMkbfc0NTW5LC6TPPOee+532/vk4uKtdU6/xOedI8O/Wgh8I+b9DqFiqUgCe+UNaLBbo7M/foiRudX2pBo3cD5jZ7yxVhlq/P76qgHzt21+8f+N2xnzlJ7xjpqWb+vyCTLn/NK6Cj0jeKgssliCujGR1R33i4Ztoc9M+Vcs+RRgeh1ysNHKxO3Y8nd+ruNsx87YsLetS9u7I+1/Hv7/EP5OT4yeCsk/iN99ENoHuI5PESn3VNGei0mMmgu1Mx1YsBut7oyHmcRmdb9Aot6Mqpu61lM5niJ2460DexIavh7iabYnSIeY3RaUi0dNiMVzwU1ejy4r1xGsNk6Q7XVDVGr1T36Cj0+h389dqGhRt9DSrdCvRa3aDnncsL9F6W3HrdqV8A0AvqOfIqAIDXgP5aBOghrMkvWGa70JV9VlZmg56CqbYEnfVi4aCzViyGkjKGRJndtbV7auVoYPERBuuH/iGj8YJy6k6jrOIcRjsLdonNtoncwqJSw84WWgJaH6zNw2Xs79LEfsMXhPyLpqDgovss7ZYaHl81zpsuGaIGYrpGnyiz/RTGZyxY22R+6t7JD+MwsFSckhLHEmV+cRzDkBG3fx0myryjLy0T0+i1kbHkoOcuZviHpsaw0ao/esUJS6OHaE2J4KpVQcGyhExWyiNZ0FMx1VFBf0MeCuhvwYgGOl6OV5J4KOl7VNBHYESCDlFWQUeFDPpJOpracWAmrN1W3dPf77w1d3uY3KumLR0MoONoaroMg/2GeRX0U83bIVFGEsdXSUFT0KeRdGvQP+/q6KIPUF5El+6dMEqx+doOtVjcpWigb1FBx9RXU9DzXl7QcwbILefsN3N3eoW6+EA3Gj1AvDeuBYUwLSD0CvR4QX8j1UaHLfoZ0Ln8nDQaHVC32TaT/n56Owc4N4KOSm9p0hu9X2t0hzAOF89cM0LIwug1sY3eQY1exIzeSVE/2ont0RXQweiXYhr9gKnR89bQ5yU2ek6PMNwLea65cRp9QAf6Ckx6u0FuTBLHK9Azy+j7QOdl1Oig9HaN0e3U6LbNPfROw5VqZeV+Rf0CyVcbjS6D/lvF6F4X66AZIDsXbvTPAHPV6J2odFi615dqjb4httEPrFuI0Qv3REbhsgI9N8dPP9Kt6zxrQc/Rgb42xC6z+Fw+6zbIGQ96YSqmesmMzk/dYeledg6Vji3O1T06PWfbdKwFdU5Jv2Jp9F30GSXkHcXoUoB1OyfmK/dEjN7RtZcpHSjv5EavZz3X4t6jH1iX+B7dDPSG5QV6bm7dQLRqUnEYnVf4DYtCaNmB3vCi79EjjN7OjW6HPboNslvZsVvkyt3E6Ltk0H+vgM7S2D1C6HzjYhodUMc9Ohp9a9xGN9+j48rdwugly97osatCWhm9wIFp7DOiGOPmWbIYT2SnGvSS5WR0OHTfh5hbGp2+OmPHbi188Y5rd1jPG4z+oWx0QQX9MMz+DSFQ09i4CHt0xeh4GgeY15fu+GFeIOEfLUE3GP1AokYvLikpNz7FLzfoBqMXeEWqdA+JVe8tKcqzgxIh3lBKQTeZ6+JMMHrVm8mdurPXa4Y9Ojc6hb3aXOnwR9ToIHQw+i4d6KeamwNEFAXibYwG+oKNzvfocjwVpMBkmDxIxOiRoOdZ7tHlyTfO/ssOusHoBRMSEQWBeFakEvQwCU8GJCGUYtCNc138Qu/R+am7zPpJ8/fomAtjq65WhH7F8H4t8tR9lDhVozcfFqRgUBLWLoLRO7Tv0eGBl2ulpV7vDBz43U+l0csj45XRdaCv8JJwwCX4JlIIOhammPFJ2akEPRVTHQV0XUocy4h7i4HOMuJ+gn0ev/rrbP/VPVVVVfyyDT8+MDc6T4FlFWZ4SybWTqmtrRUehm63XQHeDkMfdoxz59rgwU+UkV4yCLlm0EWpWaTvXGbC0l9q9MEy4aYNJWUOstDeWpODVYUsYrmvf2KBVSGfsuNe8YFp+9Qjhvap+ow4nvuatx7GP61ALyln/a3YN+kDXSnL7Oy5mJO7BBHV6NCWAzhfG4R5uBazClRSQpfY4W4o6aM6K9DZBCvTXZJm0H8J4z1+m4Vy/p0wNDzlHPtbJOiFOAxGZxmwDPQTEaBjyJC3U9C7cQlvN+XcJv+DbgAdOD+HnygfjZEhBJ3eRNmIR7HjpKBmWj+MoJ+F0WcAHXNfO1hVSCwJWVSkgA73Wf5HZrBqybwl6NgO3QR0uKCaJ8f6PGvQabjL2SUCd3m6Qc/pIbPXZ6P1P1wio6ugF/i87Kp5dupAZ1XFxkkgpaArwabbveRG3+Oc+vr11+d6+xdg9BNmRmegtwPqitFV0u02FXjwebe9DTBvk40Ov0oDekfHpMSK/YViGB05j2L0D5QOLVArjhu9E4vFMaPPmBk9f8uWR8/+rTH6+0bQ8R76GqrzPCvQ3ZGRXtBf80P91TuxSjIvldELRP4q1ZFCo4uWRneEJhYD9FRMdZJGv4p9678hzxdk9H1xGV0Lus2m0I6Ya40OMUTG1KX7EywHN06ya3RCN1+6xzQ61oQ0GH0rtnQKkvsmRn/0WCRk/pnaEN1s6b56zWoQutXS3V3u5tW58Nt0g57rxFukU84MNbrEkqOE7FTu0QOwRzctOYclrByLATqdXmXC3Rlg9GF+i/TbRI2OvdesjM736DRFzq6o3G6+R6dGx980SHrVpftBbJ/qEWsSMHrfwb4/BF2B8yZGR9TVPTr0aPlBFIMBL/nR2BBd1vnxeSFIi1I+i2p0FPoaFHp00EfcDfLcN7j5X2iMpBX0HHaL9KaQoUYPYqVfMZzYHt3h8fk88dahWOki3kBQFM2EjkUpRWkiWdBHNLO8aFOdpNG/HGK3SP+emNEvxGH0dhOjK6zbI/fo7DcpoENL8yckPDnpJRN/pNO50cLo2j36dg8UendEMfpRg9E33H8giZ6nb/8m0uhPsZuAdxSM/r7ZYRyu3VHo1qAbR3pBz8Xiu8ZbpJlj9CyfELwREEVHwCfJ6MYJekgk4bAgxn24FvCJorm1fbCwu0Y8yYOuzrG7oYE+I0tt9Of4MT81tHuRTt0V0HWn7nab2WEcM3qb3ugCGVWN3tGx00urvwYJNN4LWRhdc+qOadMBckhv9L28nrvm1J0qHbuiv20Cev68l+3pnlkbfTUK3QL0hshIM+j+QVq6a27Qn6FGL8hyifLSOSQR0eMSoufH6RNgsFyBT8xOKG3GbH/OCsyGfUmDnoqpXgjoTOnwdm2YtjHtl1fuCe/RT+yLfRiHC3fdHt2uflGdb3rYojf6CFFA/wCed2um3w0SyJoKksNRX69pjN4nYQMnn4f/DGb0iKV7KS84AdXiTIw+6mKtoCjouEmP3KOvhlN3a6N/WhgZn6YX9Drn0M3bN4ditjxNFeh1Fy/WWRm9oGDFyoksh2xo2nVJitZ1SQ+60owtmGxmLL9UE5SSBf3TVEx1FNB1mTK8NYu+sgy+R6+6OkTI7Hfbtm2zNjqvMMM7tZzG+IQF69hykgXjnefP0Lw3+sXqz/C/bW19OEgI6f2+rKJMfnA3U0hIP6SgVLLo297XSHjjvaBicBbb9S/QsViFMmVd+ooTR/UZcaVbaY771h14DV25n8oSZY4fyc/Pf8ybOz7af4CFvjULz5RZj2EFeoPxSQHolrBBe6SeuiUyeQ/cbcPv8T+Wgg5td9ayoJUhPQTfdkZvtqKjzsPbq7qSBT2b/T/m88b37zssQG9Qp3mxptoadEx9NYLOjQ4v0t/c/VUhdHb9+a9wGEHHiAD9BIxPzuCowAoUH5/EAZi3qqBjjisvNIWYN11u/Q+Zuv2PO2ODH1POy/iLCDK/+tfyqKzskkdlpUzxE8Ib74WNoJ/Vv0DXNVvzeLvkH0F/Cst97dQWnICKE/Quy9ZL+ooTx5WUuCP5zwg9DBwXH+9PHvR0GD3m9bK6pVqy9wi35uZuCT2xQJf354hu1BboetDxY2FG8CQLelZYuIY3opMHPfOMLrO+rQpbOCdm9BOnZcxPU9DhiTR6q8boUCxKY3Sm9FY/nPnPOR+WodEbvv3y+z9T0FWjd1HQHQJvvOeKMPpZeK2mM3qzC45VxgVHF5AOoBft1eS417MaUqD0HYZma1qj5/+XSJ6wMPrIAnS4uBYP6MWGJ/2gL93efAAPg26SAQY67b1sBrrkE3lOSzygO+B9mYxnKGnQJ3wk7PGReJcG1qAXL/ZUJ230n/Je7QkbnSr9DJJuavQ2ndGbgPPuh/fuPVSUzjroDo9RoZe5n/eSQdpn9Qs0elclN/ohInlxJ7YiAvTptQWNMuo60M8LUPzbdxDW7ZVKaRklxx1LSClL90sgdDOj5+f/n73zC43yygJ4ME3owQERfdil+LI+uEXWpRT5xOC00n2JkLgp1n1ZUINJ10B3m0/XsIlRks3SNCJmZ9iumcmME9NMzLCZMFPatF1wiI4OIRISwpBJ9mUzGEZaR12VVtwV9t577v3+zr8kM0kmeL5vFEUo5PY3v/vn3HNeLH7zzRPa9XFlRq+rMEfdxga9VlsOsl9mHTencfJeVtYrAV22mUEP2nA+5jQnyJWMDHtLjbvudnCOjw9DsGTl99RvDnt6XDmnzKUHnY31WzjGb+VrqFdmdFr+VQF9iWt0Rjpi3nUJb6uqRseUd43Rce7+vgNCIXC8jxfWRrFwpGXCT4VeWeF3x2gLEHjGjf4pczot++yygYs23gv+Qw/6MS/9YgBnldboHU1NfwnSv62up9N2bnT1Hvon3Ohi6p7J6B+rl1nSg77tFegpoleS3D6lwHO/jw21RUbQeyEwaZkDsBtBf2MEegi6d4OmmTsr6A62YQPQpU5aUtJeWrLakQX0fA/12hr9Yhefu2PlOCsX+lmD0Uf/hKVeR/v9MYsl5vdj4ddzvgB2W0wwo8elSXakT0DHNTqu0ulW2zEPUKKdt6suq6BXXT7mkcA7dueWza43elPTQNVfq+t59ddDymaczujazbiUoDPMP84B9FdGT7ENMCSFo7RtCye9FztqxrCFQxnryRYD8JiM/gb57pYY0PrwgtRz986Y3by9fnMkl8TVjQ16wY2uWaNbDbvuqtHvyQCOh4Tsb1Hh8/Atw745QRdu0QDE2Rr9y0HM3SFTd73RaSeHd4adI0r3c2F0rw1XaHfhzzqjdzTVD5CnXjX63hT30PNkdKwtkxV08mVZUYGv+GxA0IfExn6Zwz/NezFiyKFZMrgh/ke2aCOgSybQN21qdAaDXuPZWqnNg/ebgj2lJesiMoA59B99AAAgAElEQVROzVhxBkf7TJ6Gen0YXZSUUtfozarR3dJEbD4MhPSEjPM33z1m9OZz98A/KEtJtsC3hgfxO1/ZdVfW6JT1KirzyzrQq2xBfvGsx2swetObTvvI5XqT0dWp+6lVNjoZcjr64jf62XigD0mhuVk8qpcxD28e+DJ9SIZIBOSh7KBvIstw0w6cF/jFM/N9lEa7xzV8c12BXsEf8cuZujU/R//Zio1OSMddd2vqc/QkbrmF5dE/JCTckZETCHrzueS93kQ787mYusdA1q7RcepOlH65ShcU9NvghM2pQO+odoHLbpN+nW7X/UBe1+i5gF5zxhw1Gw10ovGoSL6TcVk2ByJJprbX4RAZM2Uyn7r3pAbd3J7FCS6Ru2QA3StJQRf0NK4f0GsKMdTLMPpvefDKMmmMrlyw44sMHp08eKEZngl7VOTN8IYOPFGOVZ1JhHg6fbJlFM9Y5mCUfQ/wf9V2lDzk/RvdjJsOADxhRt/LgxeLwR7Kn4sEGdpwqdrmxB3aMXiHi5xN2QfqnbbxzZvv2KX/KJkyLD47hY/oqpix2dr+v2OIghOpS8psx4ITO9/GSA/6V+bIC+i16+kwTdOUqR/vRQ7K5SmirBcmoik349J1U/WC03YHr6vr5d0o0US6MZtrHYFeiKFehtEV0LHnWhqjLwH0NhV03qFJgE4rTCltFpMtLRFpKhqdkntbaH67AnpbG2P9xH/d4CfLeQI6DRPoumCt1bw2FyV6zNMj+qbShXn9QDUvKCr9+IGuIfopAjl9EXPsk7wrK+gs8/WkAvq77GtIFJzYjgUntr0CXXNBjrZZrJXc85bZsOifagC9rF+S8HjtI/LkAHqpzcWIvmU45y514kXmW3k4SC9i0FfT6FZhdEK6avT27ofYOJlpnLZRB4g0t2iNzoRO4sSJI/+6ceOGpBj9A/YK0HVCR9CrPJINejzQ8/sPdUb/nSgRPizap9JyExqjY/fUg7vwOsvVpRudtUlm706sLZMV9GtfmZ4NB7q48j7owDbqAHJKzjMlzKTrj+6llSM9NnAZ9uJceO3ozkpqxuQbdDa62neDGJ2CblWNjlP3dvqhU/dmiRaxmfW7sd/qw4ej6HOz0VncB/guV6N/XkWvOrl+rFZ24dhm+8BTnjHr8eLMnRl9L4KuGv1gJqP/RAP6SZ3R2bfQVqwVt5UXi8vB6GzI2UeJDQc6L2IzhUVsyofUWyxm0EUKbI5Gf+21EZdExnrEmDDDq8CNryvQr13TcZ6PoV5zo7cpU3erMLo6dWdz96TkCw+C/5y42kYQbzGv0ds46P+koKdao6cwOglD7Sg6ca8fuI7FSu7CU9YlWbNGR6XTrXbq9GUbnZDO7qxtZ6VlclmjN1whcY19xHOlYcMZvdwB7kBIKUtX/np5VtBzNXq6++hezI6220rXDegNOLz0I96GDWN0DN63RbsZR1A/lwi5HzZTvpsV1NMa/QZIwuj6qXsqo5tAx724+jchOD7mleyHFKOz6q985p6L0YnS1TU6W6Vr1+gao/NicVlBrzPHxgP99dd7HQ6Hpi9Tef6Mnq7CjEfyjo3bV35NNY+gF2Ko19DolwIRd8AqQLfSl/dWteqM3t2t87gaJqP/koA+A/C/FRh9gDm9foyW//Jex6043a47Nzp79wij73q+uPj94wxGP6kzOiVdY/SdOazRyeBfqcNPMYI+RPhdTqHowhu95GaQJdLlDig9di8tOOhXVhX0zEY3gL5Eo9/3yeGwLMdZBQrV6CznXXu81t7drsW8WRG61uhtitG/oKDnukZPYXTcjvv0wu2nTSxRRmzG4Ro9pdGvPg6CKyjZnqc0Oq8JqTf6u3i+tlUpFpcN9E7ys6vhH+VnWTSg90MosKxC0atgdFq7dSRncEvpsbsHPI0FBL2Tja52pPMw1LkYnVeW+YUBdJ4w8xseAnTe0VlUpuYXapVzAh59p/2RqMUSjfgufk2CWfloW5fo1ITB82Lj7QR9xj/97SyewXUn3O5kJf126ONx/Pjx944fnwB4yUD/hEc9RkfquM6D/ytDpQlDIXfD+fmeqxj7Ftmxe9D2QF/IHUMkyij1nXlXxW2slvt2TvgWjAyg19Cx57/gUzSgDwE9H49JWYtQlRvbqfJEd9Y4QhM/ZUFB/4jGCkEvWYKf8dh9PA/H7plAVweaj3Xnqhg9Hei4SDeCfoS1XjsiChOzm7UVGtAb2NMZx1sKsxDnoNOXc95lVUivjEfIJDrSzSlXOF+QfeGw5It3XdKCTiJgAh3X3R0dLIm9o+ND9og/GUC/gL2XWC4c+fA67gL0Awfx2XNYC/quF+LY/cn+8+TJDXTEXFH5ji3sSQ96jTmKBnQH5jxNSFmU3isDyP3lRtDpDh2dDxQM9CWEXRy7NxYQdM0Y1+VrqNfM6As8b90fYKCzZfbRSyajx+UQLVTmY6SrSj8rD0Zp44iQ3ugkvgT4QQc6cj6Q1egX6KsanaHO67j/UW/0A4Txw/ThRn+utGpZutHFfjsKPT3ofSlA7ysW0HneegyGskzww/OxCXAYQO9laTRzyo3VNQU9H61asoHeV4ihXm2jN3Cj9y1gHkxUXqCgH8Wd83g4vNClBb0ygdnPcqKSk45KT8IkXnmIG0B/bxDg36mn7nqj8z+apu4X2HNITN11ZV+50A/u4UpHzn/1nOfXeJ4twego9O3blKl7ZqMXM+jlDsyDmdL+x8ppWQn9BVWsJz2l/TpgQh/kjSMMoP98TUD3pM6YL3LQC2j0izisM9ClGL3LDf4Q+M+qoFsrpcA8JX3Cp2JOSU+4cT4ASaPRCehbl2V0wxr9kDp1Nxj9ANtup0rnRn+AVWPvwndU6OdzBB2Frhh9RxajN5ijaIzeD7P0LpLboS0rAW6ffnuOmJuu5qa19aQp1TwBXr3espZGxy4R+Th2zwB6IYZ6rdbofacX6EQtAGzm/jVbokd88/TKcahLNXqCpkFOTFtmZL3REz52j20SFoygu0EWoH/G3jRr9PRGF2v0DEY/jErnoO9+AnZ67L54nmBumLo/evlDjkbfktnoDfhzq2lQn6IBvVz2zcTm3NKQWlBWGpy0TE+BhmmW8hoi/weEDKDzif+MtB6MXuqxpT12bxwpzRfoNYaniI1OSPcD+NjEHY1+H++jxmBBgH42gqU/A5bBEFufK5vucbz+MCFbjaCTKYHR6Evcdb+gMbq+kLswOpu3q2v0fbuf0GP37x8wzrVGf/RMAmnxZSajv60YfUcmo7fyr/ZOzdd8a9Ecr9XSWs0OzZS8H7+oJ+RylfPQXDQWhvlJbRdHLBdHl2lRv2M9rNFLGoOQ+tjd61laSar0oLeajd5avGt0Eqcv3b+InLM1epLdNp+dkOREnPk8IYnSnzOQVE7YuNKBVaNImnbdfRDamnrXneq8I8uuO2Iu1uiifap+151myqDShdH37d794vnjffuNRn/ktnnHb/X4X2Y3+o4sm3GtneZoLaLMOEOhaLxtPheR5P5aXlmGVROw/J+88w9t67riuEmEyZkNaXEYnbutKSndxjaXLHg3lHpr+0ehGv0RirX/usZhXhPYWGTS/7zMf7SOJcSYJMKeVSnyvEm1hmSkrUNhbT3XmrVgL8QYETtjLAqEmED+cJKRP5aW3XvPuU/vPT39cGInftp5T5ENjmNy/Xnfe88993uKxSQbsDRukI0jZtjUdlB0QWjCTrkTEJ1bjFSdmbkn0LdiqB+eossI5yuKXga+Gl/xZhYWZliZg15kBWU0AdfeUUl32l57WfRuyJSFbYUZdAZnN0nR++0VvU9m3aWkK0U/yFE/ePDgL561rNFvMpGlm9duN7FGR0mvB/oxcR/DN3E7CnTrhptIzy1AcTnLhJ3MAIvNFGglzt63bq+hv9TUttheqzml13K47ZbYFNBphNXr1PA2cJihArkn3qJ45rC8XnwOLzKaUS53v6FQSQYFvCiJZRc6lzJJzvZSwevzXIHVZWUddQ2daHCTPSBqZgOewBWaD6jDXOh3A5BER4c+TqS4yVFqUAWVs6uNcwpzoUy/uVDmNHVmeY0CDWVsW7M8VrGU6e6eiVCflh/UtJTZR5UyX8H4Qy3Qw/RonzA85sPOBX2S6/clOV+7mBrf1T6ZKsV06yibkjg+HzB9/nUZAxz0d0U8fNB3TtOBRy13/6CHqxU9/BA943TQf4jXW2/gRaA/R9E86OECW16V+dnO86zsKWT4cv0SrdpFBRxHPCBZ9wSwQJ6mAybQDwN8iGXk0qa1T4IuUB+0J50jLm83NmUhX+d+c6HMaXpmKNDJx93OJI5fundUdwqb9MzB5dqgH9gtr8agT8jrFL3zjyYcDPqAN3apEKMk24DYaM/OmFbt7XVj24HOZ+5kYRDdDNAnTBe/w9tQ0ZHzphT9kBl0f4EBafhMwSN+D4po/ZnxGRQ94BN6Lu68DegfAdw2KDp/UWcmifUrr7/7AbKuYoxIx95LY/3UqsHSNpW+l1HRz9gq+s9Nin4Wqysimdq2r2ZF310b9InqcDDoIsfOKmU0bLnzImRLsixm1+aA3pZITz840F3TVB3ZfA+3OqBvxVA/PEU/VKXo4bCvgIUwJXbDU+bifn5GWH9m3kEHSV3RKexA/4cAvYai/0okTLXXpbeE/dRdNVnrtzRCp+/VhKIbbV+7r8vRX2Q337xvRc8PTchriN75RxN+Rx9TnfIm9TKa8SJnnHmTmcpR9PsEPR3kYx0//sAU3RXXhKRHmi+kqQ16vjLI6spvU0W/pzW60PQ1lsWq6O95Aqni+c6lZW+qTN1cUNF9kvRALUX/L7DbeC4MMTes0X+iaYvz53LwtlHRT1IpnHRwd4/RzL2/uj+y+HaS8p6atq/IuUHRu29DNJ2Dq5etoG9c0fPknjsxVIm8s8+jj8uFWWlmXNTKLC91ni9A5Sj6/YG+Iw2hc/NzmvbpA0vGHQ+yUETbwLH2uqBbI79dFf2Zw40U/ZDUdCvoxRQUL6wmIcsF+0qKJbmcvxwI4BnWgDrbVk/RPwa4KQ96k6LLqbtbgn5H5sA7olHB+Y/S8fj0q9XJOMScFN2ajOsxKDrX9DNVii5RN4Deff1q7Or1l6o6NvA4sDFF9w8NDYt7WL3x2+GKDhm2sLqckWU0k5ApZGCyoeNEk6C3YQ58FiIC7HQ8GE/v3FrQOemRuJbbQGFsbdD5WOMAV4bc30pZ93A4vwarl4oAMSgLgynfjWJRlr5XFF3eqOcBW9D/CezmHjl3Nyg6Tt1zIXLwf3Xw998ALR0JBv82SCv0kyjobj3rjtm4iqLLZ4Y5625j5G6Zuh8RrL9Z18i9WUX3VwZdv5wN+mSqtJwBFsOfYGpy3FhQc3+g75im7rm5uMu1Mwq5RA7iO7cW9E0sgTU+1DdtqLdA0VHSm1mjH7IqehmW+GSu1Fm8JiVbJNjlq3lF/zvAdZWMk3D2UWumwcFohEB/ZfB3THw8H48KRR8zba/1VrLuNttrPQZFP/M1W0U3Tt0F62/W7ZO8DwW94fbayHB1jDgadLmVXlq6qPbTmnKcaFLR1WZXiIMekdAvSnF3BuhyrMObPNSbruhvNKXov7VX9CuYi+vMFAh0yrP7lKgb1ujla4UrfivoT/wF2HVSdBT0PmrNNDiYQL/PiPbBYBpPFS/Czwhzyrq7Tfvopu21FyxZ98aKLgT9SBOKfqAZRR8JV4fDQS+aNs7rWMsIuZ+c2gjoO4NpyoG72oI4kQtpzgF9K4Z6I4pOBXIK9C9iWKfu5gK5w+YCuf2qxwz5W+oeChh5PMCwCmtEPoafgj4VjzhfBmIxiIX531XNn+RT6BOAu0hSDxk99WJ5m9u9DiHp4H+HfxQnM+/ZCtkyRkdHT4hyOrJ77TNXypCQq7X5N9/DeIyCvKOQ7yPd5s4sltYsqvRVLc6/g1EH9OGqy9mgU3/UpLe9EeiT4C2mjMfR25+UUQt0HiG2KFrtwLSLmvHwcW97ADm5TQK9aqwfrKJ/+1vyagQ6mkRSyXtN0DF0wxmMoTJkVy4us2TeyLkd6DNih30lU7SC/keAzwh0MmPuxYJ1ruuzjEU1SI+55yBIp4pvkfujm0AXFpCjequGo33GdHuVkptAf1YHnTjvNndm0UE3m8SZQa8zdc9Xh7NBb/emLlxcKRiPsNiDPiXaL1UaKDcFelsUtChjCS7oDFds6aDLMaBvxVA/NEVXoCtFl9W9Q0PlFIA36w83AJ2MqC5BwAJ6FiCb/PD6o0ZFl7NwMYNfv5Oeu8XfQxq2S86xk+TnjM7Q/OuoYSrZvfaZN9DP1AG9vqI/j2vzLqnoRtvXphW9auzDeY+zt9cGxmUrloaukOOxKuMJHXQtGvm+Heg7XNO5aOS4y3UcmNxsmWWac0HfjKF+yIp+zKLoQ0PDa2v+oXAj0LMZrKBjZQvoH/LBD0Xh7OU9PSTpVPvilgdPZQreHQnGIbQ4FwVYp/OoUtHFyvwEdkw1Kbq+OK+n6FzS7RX9UWzN0pSi1wbdYx18/p/hcbqv+4DVC9IWdBvjCcm5WKMHxTPbDnRVOHOc/z4EE4uJYNA5oNuMtaelFF2CLrcWGoJ+A88zl4CVj5lAPwsgXTpv7+khSUfXt163ijG3+xyE5jSAaALWLWt0OW8fFaBL0iuK3tO8ohPnRyotmLDZmqqUuSdF91Cf6crt9wcc38ChvRmfZzKeuKA3R1eKzmcEfFqehsfrgO7SYC7CgEXETptTQK8e60BLrdGPnVKFQA1BJ5OKZZaFsgn0FC6/E97LVkU3SPqYxuY75uc7clFye3X348ydFH0Ue7Icxf1zQzKuKUWvnro/Tz7uXfe+Rvf4rTHi97Rgp5Zq0HeNp4SZ2FKxWNSPpEvOv8Qk6B1aqA7oOxKQ6+iY51P3iJNANw6ziJZU9GZAH056L5TOL7OFzmxmvxF0Bhqm2T7T1+hIupq2C0kfW2faYsdsBGbd/crYmabuo6jpuqJjqcyG1ug2yTjZg6lLZd3vRdEDI9bwjwT+L0BvFw2USytJtlJKTRpBbwcEPRKvp+iuEERmOxa14HHHgB4wD7OIQCus0cVdWaMbQPcVYrFswB70fIHc5FYgbAD9acCds0X4XM+6K0V3uxXsY2PrUWEIdM6tNs5V1p1m7ieoJYt1e625Nbpl6q4n41DTu7ruZY0eEENuvloJdOrRYL+9prvJLXiNoP+LQM9F64LelmbifMu0y0Ggm4ZZ/LlloH9VBoH+FAUp+tMUZqMZ3WlGVcJSUIcmi+HMfqqfUcYz1HlGCbwsplljqWzWm1qrHL+nKhtsWFMsrpZkB4iP6V8SP+ovCfTo2S5FI7FK7dNO0LZ67/p/bvXTfppg+/TpUUMJXJ+1JQsWt1sAf8+s5Kpv6ksU5CijN1mT2+f7usytWXYT4Y/w2PvI3g0oeiuB3j4OxYWk0RTW7DsBCyt0WN24RvdK0GdhWoH+OMYOy7n0TxPp6TaXy5mKPrK1im4POip6Fehm7zgqhbWATg5yDUGnJfsxvl73ir7opeKMEXRppYQda8reEg7+i1h0e5j/oF/4k+iNeG4xyu4aQefKfPQE9ThXNnC9aC1B22lU1T6KX4ugv/aCcoHssVfyKtCxEboVdNVkTbZT1BskU2sWBTqHfC9nvSboPo81Rjy+lgH9fZlyuWTo2WQuefVKn6kl3R/yu0+Kawogei4RjP+0AegP0H9iU0D3mUYZexO2sKKX0S1wBdbsFX3YKx2D2QLV3ApFf+ojgBifqZ2921UBHSfgJ3qVoBteCLpMs1eK2o/KDTVUdDSBVIvz+1F0lYSrpeh76yu6zzNSdbWOolOPhmylSs4M+qQ4xloqgCkZJ+fuwEJv/7rlQK+MMd4jvhZTdH1bnQt3Nqa2yg2SblD0H6+lRA+Awp8JdKHoX/4rwCf/vvu5AMo4dT+Kiv4/9s4/pqrrDuASM7MjRGW8bsz4a1PCghuEwXblAa9QWSxZE9JIbDKX1iBNhiGFvVCyIGs6/lgNWxOENK7aYhOSvvgyEYrIDArUMqUxdXVO2cRkqX8sxn9MjH8sui2755zvufecc3+8ey/vwnv3vXMfPyo/rDn53M/5nvs93y8ndPbxHXhyroHepi/dm5wYPcyDTjqnmhk9hHut7eR34UDoW7Wl+w7MugujHwiQ0bVH5Rag4yzYYUXRGi1So6ugDz3/i+PHjwfY6Emb6hQ2ehR6NNzXq58yo5Nek6//4f74V3+qroaVOzE6Po5OQ2ELozPM2etNyehttbB0b/Jg9FZbowtVX2WjU6FnKui0+jPu0WB1eg2fa5ESZjDop44fz4Ke1jH6sSMHSK9ddTn3a37pjr/yMpBOf0WXbvQtW/ApVSDKGKPTJueMcfD6O5LR6X3BRYwe5pfuJjF6PjO6eJrFpdEj7wqDHOyLBAZ0rUeDzTFV/o80owcS9Ig40QeSMtUpZvQj3K77OBq/e3cefcVqWxPIidEp6QT0LtXoeoy+ZZqAvlMwurzrzr/o0l3bjKO77pzRqdCdb8aZGR2UDkIv8GZ0CfR3gwV6C+7Z9OVotMXhefRgGz3ix1SnmtFf1nbdjxzDPZtm72uY06W7+o4ZvQtjXl0NnGOj75pByn9ko7eRi/r8R2+KK3fDZlybbnSVdYq5C6NvtjE6vf9YGZ0IPVNBN/Zssgddj9GzoKdpjH5EN7oK9YHfCGXsTYxeLRp9AqH/GZfu0nN0HvUkG701gdF3WsXoVOjWu+4RUmIHquFCvZ1IkDLjpJ5NDo0eTND7+Ykmn6wM6FvEHmzfFyvNfFPKkNtLx34YIu8a8JDNJnPf1dV1Qb2gZgwrR8MG/eIF9dvxj5S/QItVsTvMBnVMIvRPICkMA3JeWCqMqmw86HtyPo3PkNFqyND82dOsu5qhZhRHeOdm8blanbDdTgnHPheLxP2QrdnJIAkzmzbtswOdls3Trv7+SGakwJoZnQy8dH8Dj+dhBAd0vqISnusVAp2mvBtAp7XjEoEOZd4tQKctGFmhKUwyHiLoGunwVXJnUN9qaLUqHvQYUnbKoJOM9+JayFtvawPWYUlfy4pL1HNJ7U1wIsYR6CxRxgh6Pl2yU9Q10IVEGQB9BwXdeune2G8cjZkLurYZF0TQG/2YaudG3+XJ6CUA+nKMroNOv1ptbfRZNFohgl5Ij6uWMnUzocNHa6PjG4RD0MXgvE4PzvMtjb7VFHRrozdGDCOTQWdGHwok6H5MdcCMHkUXK4xGL2VGr6+t1RinnyTJ6HxwXifmvoLRCwSjb3Rt9Ei/uqLjXuolzP7ScDR2iX46Nzkaj32REUYPKOj98pX6Rt8PO2UrY/QxhCbtjV7fpi/byUeD0UuZ0RPE6OFERucyZXAVKQb61mQZXQB9Trl3Zyb+Nvl8ZuH836aV81mjB8bokazRRaPfQWi8IkGMXqtvxKlv9czo9UKLBvcxurnRyWEWyehU6a6Nbj/7sRn13cVp/Uf4z7NGz4K+IkZfqRh92yWkTJgZvZQavZ4P0cHoIPRa97vuYedGL0iK0aW3xkb0dk5OThX+hiplDqt8UvuJv8wuZY2etqAbZlsE3UuY5tjonh+vUdKbV8TocwhNmxq9uJQBrQsdjE5vANToXIxemswYPbRso3c3NqrzL7xFuvHpLUTMPYbwxC9c1H5iYXQsa/Q0Bb1bnmk81dw3ewrTLEDfQMZ6vtDMri1i3swPxLwZLXFG5H2v+Di9jFWYgoZNMvfkTb2qH8RiE8fKpfEeHazbExStYv8DRUVFSwgtsUyUVhh79uzZrb7h0hG4MSJjmBvFeu4bI7sBc92Af44MtjoQAe80P5fKOjZIgFcIXda27hAJ30fGS3agR+DFPjZ260YfQ+cF0OeiabMZt65l5KReXGado0GE/iJ+vPbaG+oVONC5WWZTzX2zpzDNCvRt+FrPlY7TM+QgE9Yj6FBiioEOqbHt9KKot7e/Poxi83HlgQp3O3clBH0aobmN8KBaA303Jn03PYB2upgku5EXPZlWzKrFFgvP0xrI0EB/i1xhR5UmNNDFJftGscuaKej7bI0uD272paW7U85TAfQPlOh8DLE0dxegk4SZ1/D4VuBAN061dk/3GKalptEn44t5eTfnlWcujT6D0CWj0YmYKebE6PTFCb3YxOjksjf6CXujwzYc101xeUa3A128y89F59LmOXqLggsJLbKDay6NPhRQoxunWovSPIZpKWn0Z8qXpHRQfEIQemLQxxG6Y2l06nSAvIkpHUpISkanQm/4bUKjcxlxRqOHkmf0PhPQ+4THa5dJ3DY9gT9fGhsby0kP0EeU27TmxBnPRg9ajN5nNtW60b2FaSlndAz0EjRVnY+5NHoMoV02RsdxOmDu3ejhwkTH1filu2T0Cq9G7+s2jj4xYUbBO7ET6opuktz+J9IC9K9BU9Xb0IMta3TTuean2luYlopGL/8d7ayWd23epdGHUbzIgdGbDEYv9Wr01gSbcbzRKeoejd7daLj6gpACe3KWTPWie9DJ47Ugxugmc91nuRnnNExLRaO3l8/O0xaKD1waPY6Gi2xj9NPFpeZKd2b08MPH/37k0eh42e7d6AMmRh8IAuhnaM+deagLmTpG/+XZU+fWrgroAwmm2lOYlpJGb3+A5u8u3orGqt3tuuMM2CIQuvmuOzY6nDHXjF7s2OhPcduH+OMEJWU4o0uHWQjp3oweWNDXnVRucd2TvRjdjxh97RBu+/D+uVQE3VOYloq77pj0Wdw9+UJ5uyujn1f/ySZG30ONflo3uib0pmLmdAdGfzr44ee5nw6hh/ZlX60er1GhezV6X3efPAIB+tdbRhSue7Ibo3/bR6OfQmevkkZOqwG6ca4H/EqBpUbfZlp/wqIVmwS8lCgndWYrYfUomOHpqNHGC88uV2v/wdLq4CbBfgf8DezGU1X1BUIzVSzl7FUYEFezqjCsSgxFWRt76MUGpMCx7LpOMsWZjjkAABK2SURBVJ4MXqVdYFilCdZdTaw0AUv2kFhogsXmW0XAmcq/QcdfrUA/2mccRwNyTJXvnuwM9BfJ+B6L0T2Bbgv82kHc7Cn3U3RqFUA/6sdU2xpdBl3quSi2YtNApyXk5IxYKCXHIIXKrWxwoDdrqq9hl1PQLyO0YAS9k1wS6A0N8GKgi8MU9Fky+bmfoUebD5PLADqtNEGvAt3kFVxsbgn6v/CVkaA7T31dKdDXnkOfk7n+5KOgg+670aEehZnRm3ESOz+cgr6A0GXHRheV7sTos2dzaQPHR2JjZO4UC1fvNcQ9P+dic69GHzCMLOj+GX11QfdjqlfL6GWi0nXQtW26GvdGx4lxDo1Ol+6ujF74hHRkzh2alRsjy0t3YRcOHp8v1+jqbEvXQBZ030C/opCb+lVlaFVA92GqVy9Gp5wLQm+uYah7MzpOjHNodLqrrivdidGfKkNXc69+jB5LjZGFc6n5UCFO24WDzfZlxug9RqMP9GRB9wv0NUPoMzVE/3BVNuN6/JjqlDM66NyT0WMI5TiN0UHpDoxeyEDvfDiofDSInhzcbLp0f1Ur+ypUmoDN9mUaveeocWRB9w/0K5+gwffR4Ko8XuvxY6pXMUY3M3oNkToE6S+4NfosGq1yZXR3MXrniUePnzz+78GDYPTNNkYvSLbRjw4Yrizo/oGuhulDQ2evrFkd0A1znZJGNwXduOtuafRmzeg17oxepKCLVck3uqp0AP2gOk6cUEGnpB+2idELkhyj95oYvTcLuo+gr1njZ16cHei9fky1LegbhLyZ9eaNW6SCM8+Z589I3KuG388LXny6zkZJGftC88LMdHkJrArY74K/kN2GKnHFuMpKRhBbSB+mgyW5gODD5oMdROXIxgOem8OvYoD/lJ1H5dbsIa6Ae8VGkyW7lAq37yU6Ehm9N3OW7mdGRj5IAPqvyPiOCvqf8fAJ9DWZAzpZwC8TdBaxv0IuLWHukCD4kjJ6SaDDH5fci6NRRZmRQafVKRnoJF9GBX0HvULQC8kC9EISfBe+pZ1XoS8r0EkKnAH0OnLla60apCqQ/LHU5YLeYxzBNPpJpIyi6JlMBt2PqU4Loz+Lxm7k3b6OFuyNfg+hBWx0SnooP7lGbzU3OuY8P8QeoIe4liwVwmm1ZYLeYQJ6RxBBH0G3buYtXlNaMhf0Dj+mOi2MPjF6k5xwGrY1eiUuJEWMri3dMYNmoIcLQeBhM6OHDaBDPWcZdKLzfFbXOWSo67zRJCPOM+jqfV56BRH0FuU6OZ6ujGQy6Ia5zhCjD5PJz/sHes/W6BMIndeNDsWWk2j0VhOjY9ZpiJAvd2qoEE6rLRP0qV7jmAog6GegFMH8ycwFfcqPqU4Lo1uBLhl9EqExLUa3NbomdPMYPWwao1sZPd/a6BVJ24ybUu/q0iuIRl/HQI9lNOh0fpM61Wlh9Ik4Xbpfs4/RZ9FoZWUV5cgPo1vE6HWhfL4pS0iqHZU1uqule3QcT/WNTF66G+e6IzOMXlYdjy3m3biOlg4d2qteFkbPUVCsUjS6za47KNyZ0S1idLrnns/29w277hXJi9GnOoxjKqCbcbfz/j4czeDNuCk/pjodjF5WcnkUxZXotP1zdPIYvapSN3poBWJ03eghQ5G4pBq9o7dDfgUSdJV0JZrZj9emDDO9QjE6S4UVeZcLzjDgofDMc2LHJpn7V+g71k5pr+lgX92+/dC96YWy7fA72K+Gv5jdj+aQMqManRHEeIOsFlYGBnJfDpoPVpbGPEOmTq7cDnkyO6nJaSsoaK5mVUpmkwg4I/wnZPzMjdGnggn6uhanCTM/VkH/Ix4WoDvjPR2MPrUyRpdBp5mwuxKATtfVGuh0Cc9W8t9lqDsDHd8R1Hfwsz+H381Ap7ejDQsI3av8vRF0mtWig05yXxKBTitLOAP9/+2dzW8bxxmHw9R2PRAqUpZQwVDWpcGycA4FBJGQwFNPDnSwetClElFdDN8L+0Td9AcsZMA+GYYNn2JYcmPHiWFYTvwRA0ZqpCgQBLk4QHvKIcfeAgRFd2bed3Zndna5JHf5MXx/S1K0oSgEXj965mtnAs4F6nDoG25D2wfo59NAj9Rf/ml/apfATgPoT6K13p8Wo8ukGf3M7HPG/tnd6JcyGR3uQ80A+jz0zWto9EbZK8DoO09E9uEpskOgOwn6zhOV/dxKPTFG51e60fnd6NmMfilD013ettIF9Hkwumy7K6NHhZ6T0Xf2RZ7AU7wn0B0FfV/lSW6lngij/yWT0Z+yNT9jHz1L0z2q9C59dCl0BN0Dpedr9KDmf+N1lw/+lkB3F3Qs8X5upXbH6GeusKeB0P1uRr+UbTAuk9Fl0x2MXqspo+ffR9/cj2eTQHcS9M0iSu1MH332e8YeNzMZ/VJuRp9HowvWwz66l7vRCXQCfehGHwj0voyeDrr8dSRuUh2+0eWou2A97KOXc++jb+5A9nfUOwLdUdB3dvRq7+8UBfrDWVt03hPWzxjnuPzB2H/mtwb4egyiMfgf6YD/ET7Alsw7cZNqs4kEIWiwXg3hhH1ncM3LR3rwr+G7DLIX9CMa5NKYRk2i3cAjYnCLGzvguGnUKZ3wtszbrqBH4hLoJ3rKsggHfYMHQV+U6Q30UfGeCfT8Sp0E+lZwhYTbWvBJfXXYYSoj6L+zXfgmCXQ4/E0H/Tm/STUwegz0mrjyAX1O3b6yoO/cHvbMu4Iu9owi0HMC/X5wEeh5GV1MX4230etidq1Yoxtbyej7vKLRvQGMfj4R9O2doPzisanebRPoToIe1hrKnUepMxp9dvyN/pRd8Qs3+kLE6NF9Xj1l9HIxRt9WNVdvNsnovOl+f8NF0Df1em+T0RH0WT67lmz0Wi6gw62vNqPzDZ0l68UYfTMeMrqjRi+i1M4YXdy7xpVuNXpq0/0/H6nX7kafC288N4yOK2WKMTqBnmj0+wT69Bi9Lu9dK9mNXsvb6PzIJc3oHnTRyehkdDJ6kUaHe9esRs91ei2AfT5m9HLRRt/dDrK5rV75yy6B7mQffTdaZPG6uUtGR9Dh3jWb0Wu5GR2UDpvDzWsnNTQKNfpu8Gt+W1zwEjwJdDeNvgv13Val3i4MdBjgSls3k7BQ7vf6yWwJ3Kv8VbuMv8bgojsd8A/g89RFHjO2J4yOBCFgcqCsDIPvtQU9c/YY36WfeM7XtPN1Mg19hwkkvKLHWAJnAI4q/1km3ehGphf0I5F1XDDzIcQho+de6nTQtzIsnOkGurUlb4+FeCvo0GeAzyNB/4TvDMn76D9C2xgObKkAjjhSHiIuHwmgw8qYyHFq4YnneON5TdtgAkH3KoHFq1XcXj4CutZmN0H3ff4g0PsB/U8fyotAz8voogk/lkbf47e0+E1udGAJj2aCuS8Q+rzcKgInxOeSjT6njlOLbfvYiK5qtxi9WqkozrMa3RdXCuj82t5VV/A4ItB1oy+5ArqqdX6l7tHos2NqdDh3jd+PzjmXRpe4waI1ZDUi9C5GXzBPT4yDrisd++a4D21vRk8H/UhUP+ScvyXQ3TR6pNb5ldoVo8MtLaWmfwpgkrBVK7AZaw3m00HnSHo3o0c2i0oyumcxerViaboPYvSjXVlx/MIfBLqbRj8Ki4y/28no2EeXg+7c6JzziNGrckC8gRu7AbpzCW33BbOTPq+OPI8bXQo91nTXOM9s9HY30GMh0F01egGldsXojxn7TvbRL4DSo0YPHrgNjH0wbsEy6j6nj7ovZDZ6tWJvug9i9OXgH/aucS0T6E4aPaw1vuRQ6p5AHxejw/8wavQX7IDrPGi7gzR/hHMcKrKL3sBtYFTTXZKe2HSfC9vtYHQb6DajS53n3Edf1jkXDwJdge6U0ZePNMrzKXUq6Ftp0+kJ62eyCd7clsYIrn2DwM/4Dfxo/E0Dn6MV5CHjxzH5pQB1JAgXqAB+sGFjGafGIDAWj7Ps6o860Q05c162D7NnOoMlYSkcTKD7Qcudt91TjW5m2kHvBKBf5QkYd83ouZc6C+hGX/2MPp8eA11fGWsXvLoSQNejQJc/WoEuPxYHHfaR4k33BNDxJlITdBhmg2fCqJvWJ/d6BT1tzSun2/d/9rM03Ql0yEnZrglBd87oowF9NrWvPhZGf8fYO4F5sxQwlGj0gFED9IjSNa1bQS/E6L4ch5PPRNA7y0exqzPFRt912OiWWndGZfTZMTP6Z4x9EWBeQqO3LUaXt5zYjQ5Wr5l3mmupFWR0eaWPuneW4+mQ0Z00eqeIUjti9LuMPWzKpPTRvcQ+eg0b75rQh2f0NrBOoFMffXSgj7/R6wfsdqsp7mnxuc3bcdD//dN/fzq0Gb02b+mnD7GP3s5k9PVOUH7+LwCfQdbJ6FajLz24ef3BsckFfb2zrLHeyaPUbhidby/TEk133keXbXcd9K+vrN1gBz+ULUaPCj1l1D2+tj3XPnoXo4viB5d8LPNtzacX9PQ++rFb7No1dufyZIPewcj3ZHRh9JeMPWuJhjvvo8cH46q/sJtvZl5dX/vF0kevxYSeOBhnXwo3mNEF5th6TzN6LGR0m9GXHq29npn55saNY5MLegGldsPozxj7siVa7k37YNzdWzM8dz61GT0y8K7kPmSjt30p9kTQV9fXO/whL/mySn10i9Evs9e81P9gH08q6KthobHYq0WBLu/x3trKsnAmfT8Kg3uD/4TANxk/4wMd8Fn4WAHofE/3lhR6CQfjohtQVGXxZz4+qAKjalwtHI3HYxhwxj2KtAZ2SHZV22LCfthS+k4Tvu+XIo900KHs+E/ACdBP9BN5A99yAPqfrwaXtvHE39kbUesb1ycX9E70tzq/hgy6fR+K9P0ojJZ8b6Dj1Q302+xKvSUXxvkwFnf+AjSZE0D31FmIcsEc393xMPxbfUuJJNArGuwm6NYme2SnCV/uNhFNGuixTC/o8k4PATqPc6AXUOoBjK5zPkqj8wWwLTA6b7q3T7V1o1ceY9PdMLrscivSy2Vd6emgm7ev9GR0nD8vSaeLlyaBPrjRnWi6jxh0w+gG9aMz+heMfdYSffS6XDDDlY5CFQy+ZNdfzbx6tPa/uNEF53Ib13JDM72XoeleTWm6dzG6ZJ3jLZ+pTfezq+vaxR9nyeiB0a8aRl98tPb6zcw31+5M7Kj72UiN5SOHUjthdL4AtqX66HLQvf1j1OjVd1fYNXbwZVU3uoCZn7DiHZbxnMSo0gs0Ok6roc+b6U33s6vxTDHoQul2oy++f4utXWN3vlqaXNALKLUTfXS+ALYF8+hqZdypCxGjVyqH7579cFhd0YyuhC5G4zx5qlJKJ93SR48qvUejS9R99Ln4QqAP3EdfXFy6fPPmg/eXCPT8R91LozX6U7b2EI3uiw662UevVFZWPAGoFyrdU130stfAs4+93vro0TvPe+ujw20sgvISDr4ngn7ubDznqI9uM/riEmRSQT9XRKkHAX1YRu8G+p4Yi4N5dGy6a6PuvPEOUZx75vya1/DwnMTso+5pTfeuRue0y2k1lHoK6Kux6xwZ3dZHdwD0WK0LBr3ex3S6Aj5V8NmCa3GMFTJb4byayEvGnreE0fnda7gSBQED7IxjFQIfg5blM8LwSpV/WRGXcdqKkUwKbxtR8+fQO5cpyTtyEkE/bTH66ek1ushRUtO9H9CHDnwy6KeLKHU/oCcMvutiHwbodXG1njP2UhqdR4F+3g66lLBiGJvhuqvNVMwR9uwKj4EuJ9DVnBqXubwdJw304+fiOU6gOwn68SJKnZ/Rz9hJH4LR7zK2J4wucOlidGxv9wS6nfP+jB4ZhPPD7rk4ZKZEoBPoYwR6ynT6cJvu0uilNXYbW+7Bo1vTXQ6f9WZ0fbvHQY0OE+jNSN+cT69xpSeCfvJ0PCcJdCdBP1lEqSff6HWxXKYpm+5+s1mA0VfsnPfZRw9XxME6GbFipksfnUAn0MfH6NrCmSEZvdX6WiyXEUrnqGcyerWQpnsmo6uFMrjsVXyFXnoi6CeOx3OCQHcS9BNFlDpfo8+OwuifMvY5fyNXwGYyeqXHPnpC272/PjoufVXrXn0weinF6DYeLxLoToJ+sYhS5zu9dmYE02v1T9hBvSej9z7qnrHpnrGPLpUett1F072UPupOoBPoBYD+3cMM2RtV9I/x+Rp7LN681fOtnsPi8m1q3vaS75NAv3cxnnu5gD6JCRfMbGxs3N8AwBcBoV9Bvuonl4eWRNDvFVFqG+h7jDKy7Nmq1Hph/d4XrUFBp1KPW6kTaj1wqd+zlr9EGVH2/mWvvvWbB+acSj1+pbbXeuBSv/drCoXifAh0CoVAp1AoBDqFQiHQKRQKgU6hUAh0CoVCoFMoFAKdQqEQ6BQKgU6hUAh0CoVCoFMoFAKdQqEQ6BQKhUCnUCgEOoVCIdAplCnN/wEz+b30MZlDagAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

###  1.7.4.3. Gaussian process classification (GPC) on iris dataset

This example illustrates the predicted probability of GPC for an isotropic and
anisotropic RBF kernel on a two-dimensional version for the iris-dataset. This
illustrates the applicability of GPC to non-binary classification. The
anisotropic RBF kernel obtains slightly higher log-marginal-likelihood by
assigning different length-scales to the two feature dimensions.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_gpc_iris_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

##  1.7.5. Kernels for Gaussian Processes

Kernels (also called “covariance functions” in the context of GPs) are a
crucial ingredient of GPs which determine the shape of prior and posterior of
the GP. They encode the assumptions on the function being learned by defining
the “similarity” of two datapoints combined with the assumption that similar
datapoints should have similar target values. Two categories of kernels can be
distinguished: stationary kernels depend only on the distance of two
datapoints and not on their absolute values \\(k(x_i, x_j)= k(d(x_i, x_j))\\)
and are thus invariant to translations in the input space, while non-
stationary kernels depend also on the specific values of the datapoints.
Stationary kernels can further be subdivided into isotropic and anisotropic
kernels, where isotropic kernels are also invariant to rotations in the input
space. For more details, we refer to Chapter 4 of [RW2006]. For guidance on
how to best combine different kernels, we refer to [Duv2014].

###  1.7.5.1. Gaussian Process Kernel API

The main usage of a `Kernel` is to compute the GP’s covariance between
datapoints. For this, the method `__call__` of the kernel can be called. This
method can either be used to compute the “auto-covariance” of all pairs of
datapoints in a 2d array X, or the “cross-covariance” of all combinations of
datapoints of a 2d array X with datapoints in a 2d array Y. The following
identity holds true for all kernels k (except for the `WhiteKernel`): `k(X) ==
K(X, Y=X)`

If only the diagonal of the auto-covariance is being used, the method `diag()`
of a kernel can be called, which is more computationally efficient than the
equivalent call to `__call__`: `np.diag(k(X, X)) == k.diag(X)`

Kernels are parameterized by a vector \\(\theta\\) of hyperparameters. These
hyperparameters can for instance control length-scales or periodicity of a
kernel (see below). All kernels support computing analytic gradients of the
kernel’s auto-covariance with respect to \\(log(\theta)\\) via setting
`eval_gradient=True` in the `__call__` method. That is, a `(len(X), len(X),
len(theta))` array is returned where the entry `[i, j, l]` contains
\\(\frac{\partial k_\theta(x_i, x_j)}{\partial log(\theta_l)}\\). This
gradient is used by the Gaussian process (both regressor and classifier) in
computing the gradient of the log-marginal-likelihood, which in turn is used
to determine the value of \\(\theta\\), which maximizes the log-marginal-
likelihood, via gradient ascent. For each hyperparameter, the initial value
and the bounds need to be specified when creating an instance of the kernel.
The current value of \\(\theta\\) can be get and set via the property `theta`
of the kernel object. Moreover, the bounds of the hyperparameters can be
accessed by the property `bounds` of the kernel. Note that both properties
(theta and bounds) return log-transformed values of the internally used values
since those are typically more amenable to gradient-based optimization. The
specification of each hyperparameter is stored in the form of an instance of
`Hyperparameter` in the respective kernel. Note that a kernel using a
hyperparameter with name “x” must have the attributes self.x and
self.x_bounds.

The abstract base class for all kernels is `Kernel`. Kernel implements a
similar interface as `Estimator`, providing the methods `get_params()`,
`set_params()`, and `clone()`. This allows setting kernel values also via
meta-estimators such as `Pipeline` or `GridSearch`. Note that due to the
nested structure of kernels (by applying kernel operators, see below), the
names of kernel parameters might become relatively complicated. In general,
for a binary kernel operator, parameters of the left operand are prefixed with
`k1__` and parameters of the right operand with `k2__`. An additional
convenience method is `clone_with_theta(theta)`, which returns a cloned
version of the kernel but with the hyperparameters set to `theta`. An
illustrative example:

    
    >>> from sklearn.gaussian_process.kernels import ConstantKernel, RBF
    >>> kernel = ConstantKernel(constant_value=1.0, constant_value_bounds=(0.0, 10.0)) * RBF(length_scale=0.5, length_scale_bounds=(0.0, 10.0)) + RBF(length_scale=2.0, length_scale_bounds=(0.0, 10.0))
    >>> for hyperparameter in kernel.hyperparameters: print(hyperparameter)
    Hyperparameter(name='k1__k1__constant_value', value_type='numeric', bounds=array([[ 0., 10.]]), n_elements=1, fixed=False)
    Hyperparameter(name='k1__k2__length_scale', value_type='numeric', bounds=array([[ 0., 10.]]), n_elements=1, fixed=False)
    Hyperparameter(name='k2__length_scale', value_type='numeric', bounds=array([[ 0., 10.]]), n_elements=1, fixed=False)
    >>> params = kernel.get_params()
    >>> for key in sorted(params): print("%s : %s" % (key, params[key]))
    k1 : 1**2 * RBF(length_scale=0.5)
    k1__k1 : 1**2
    k1__k1__constant_value : 1.0
    k1__k1__constant_value_bounds : (0.0, 10.0)
    k1__k2 : RBF(length_scale=0.5)
    k1__k2__length_scale : 0.5
    k1__k2__length_scale_bounds : (0.0, 10.0)
    k2 : RBF(length_scale=2)
    k2__length_scale : 2.0
    k2__length_scale_bounds : (0.0, 10.0)
    >>> print(kernel.theta)  # Note: log-transformed
    [ 0.         -0.69314718  0.69314718]
    >>> print(kernel.bounds)  # Note: log-transformed
    [[      -inf 2.30258509]
     [      -inf 2.30258509]
     [      -inf 2.30258509]]
    
All Gaussian process kernels are interoperable with `sklearn.metrics.pairwise`
and vice versa: instances of subclasses of `Kernel` can be passed as `metric`
to `pairwise_kernels` from `sklearn.metrics.pairwise`. Moreover, kernel
functions from pairwise can be used as GP kernels by using the wrapper class
`PairwiseKernel`. The only caveat is that the gradient of the hyperparameters
is not analytic but numeric and all those kernels support only isotropic
distances. The parameter `gamma` is considered to be a hyperparameter and may
be optimized. The other kernel parameters are set directly at initialization
and are kept fixed.

###  1.7.5.2. Basic kernels

The `ConstantKernel` kernel can be used as part of a `Product` kernel where it
scales the magnitude of the other factor (kernel) or as part of a `Sum`
kernel, where it modifies the mean of the Gaussian process. It depends on a
parameter \\(constant\\_value\\). It is defined as:

\\[k(x_i, x_j) = constant\\_value \;\forall\; x_1, x_2\\]

The main use-case of the `WhiteKernel` kernel is as part of a sum-kernel where
it explains the noise-component of the signal. Tuning its parameter
\\(noise\\_level\\) corresponds to estimating the noise-level. It is defined
as:

\\[k(x_i, x_j) = noise\\_level \text{ if } x_i == x_j \text{ else } 0\\]

###  1.7.5.3. Kernel operators

Kernel operators take one or two base kernels and combine them into a new
kernel. The `Sum` kernel takes two kernels \\(k_1\\) and \\(k_2\\) and
combines them via \\(k_{sum}(X, Y) = k_1(X, Y) + k_2(X, Y)\\). The `Product`
kernel takes two kernels \\(k_1\\) and \\(k_2\\) and combines them via
\\(k_{product}(X, Y) = k_1(X, Y) * k_2(X, Y)\\). The `Exponentiation` kernel
takes one base kernel and a scalar parameter \\(p\\) and combines them via
\\(k_{exp}(X, Y) = k(X, Y)^p\\). Note that magic methods `__add__`, `__mul___`
and `__pow__` are overridden on the Kernel objects, so one can use e.g. `RBF()
+ RBF()` as a shortcut for `Sum(RBF(), RBF())`.

###  1.7.5.4. Radial-basis function (RBF) kernel

The `RBF` kernel is a stationary kernel. It is also known as the “squared
exponential” kernel. It is parameterized by a length-scale parameter
\\(l>0\\), which can either be a scalar (isotropic variant of the kernel) or a
vector with the same number of dimensions as the inputs \\(x\\) (anisotropic
variant of the kernel). The kernel is given by:

\\[k(x_i, x_j) = \text{exp}\left(- \frac{d(x_i, x_j)^2}{2l^2} \right)\\]

where \\(d(\cdot, \cdot)\\) is the Euclidean distance. This kernel is
infinitely differentiable, which implies that GPs with this kernel as
covariance function have mean square derivatives of all orders, and are thus
very smooth. The prior and posterior of a GP resulting from an RBF kernel are
shown in the following figure:

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_gpr_prior_posterior_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

###  1.7.5.5. Matérn kernel

The `Matern` kernel is a stationary kernel and a generalization of the `RBF`
kernel. It has an additional parameter \\(\nu\\) which controls the smoothness
of the resulting function. It is parameterized by a length-scale parameter
\\(l>0\\), which can either be a scalar (isotropic variant of the kernel) or a
vector with the same number of dimensions as the inputs \\(x\\) (anisotropic
variant of the kernel). The kernel is given by:

\\[k(x_i, x_j) = \frac{1}{\Gamma(\nu)2^{\nu-1}}\Bigg(\frac{\sqrt{2\nu}}{l}
d(x_i , x_j )\Bigg)^\nu K_\nu\Bigg(\frac{\sqrt{2\nu}}{l} d(x_i , x_j
)\Bigg),\\]

where \\(d(\cdot,\cdot)\\) is the Euclidean distance, \\(K_\nu(\cdot)\\) is a
modified Bessel function and \\(\Gamma(\cdot)\\) is the gamma function. As
\\(\nu\rightarrow\infty\\), the Matérn kernel converges to the RBF kernel.
When \\(\nu = 1/2\\), the Matérn kernel becomes identical to the absolute
exponential kernel, i.e.,

\\[k(x_i, x_j) = \exp \Bigg(- \frac{1}{l} d(x_i , x_j ) \Bigg) \quad \quad
\nu= \tfrac{1}{2}\\]

In particular, \\(\nu = 3/2\\):

\\[k(x_i, x_j) = \Bigg(1 + \frac{\sqrt{3}}{l} d(x_i , x_j )\Bigg) \exp
\Bigg(-\frac{\sqrt{3}}{l} d(x_i , x_j ) \Bigg) \quad \quad \nu=
\tfrac{3}{2}\\]

and \\(\nu = 5/2\\):

\\[k(x_i, x_j) = \Bigg(1 + \frac{\sqrt{5}}{l} d(x_i , x_j ) +\frac{5}{3l}
d(x_i , x_j )^2 \Bigg) \exp \Bigg(-\frac{\sqrt{5}}{l} d(x_i , x_j ) \Bigg)
\quad \quad \nu= \tfrac{5}{2}\\]

are popular choices for learning functions that are not infinitely
differentiable (as assumed by the RBF kernel) but at least once (\\(\nu =
3/2\\)) or twice differentiable (\\(\nu = 5/2\\)).

The flexibility of controlling the smoothness of the learned function via
\\(\nu\\) allows adapting to the properties of the true underlying functional
relation. The prior and posterior of a GP resulting from a Matérn kernel are
shown in the following figure:

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_gpr_prior_posterior_0051.png](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAyAAAAMgCAMAAADsrvZaAAAACXBIWXMAAA9hAAAPYQGoP6dpAAAAOXRFWHRTb2Z0d2FyZQBNYXRwbG90bGliIHZlcnNpb24zLjMuMiwgaHR0cHM6Ly9tYXRwbG90bGliLm9yZy8vihELAAADAFBMVEX///+3t7fLy8v+/v7ExMT29va7u7vMzMwAAADx8fF/f3/jeMLKycoZvs+8vSP7/PzAwL/IyMeUaL2MVksuoC7/fw+vr7D9+vnWKCkgd7Srq6u0tLTf39+5ubkMDQweHh2fn58GBgb/AACEg4PZ2Njt7O2lpKXk5OT9hRwmv8+PXVOYb76NjIwpfLYVFhY9Pj2oi8I7ozuulsWIiIhfX1+dd8C9vi6Xl5fp6eg2wc+eenGZbmeUZV399+7Ox8NGxdM1NDVramuigML87/TehcPCyszWMDH10OosLCvAwDr55O/T0tHU6/O6rcelhX3k8vc0g7lIp0e2ocm+srFaws2RkZC6q6fx+PvGwcrwvODBuMgkJSXmhsnalsVKSkqcm5yrj4m3x8u+yL7QwbqxmJPWpce2op1EjL3tqdhTq1ONuY1xxM3D2utpsGlQlMKZwd14eHn0iivIyazvkkPqmNDFxYV0tHRTUlLDw3D/sGuAt4D/kC2Fxs1wqc+UlJXBwVvSssiwz+T/7d5drV2DtNXyu7xycXKzxbPpnVv53t+IqMG/v0qoycz/mUD/pVX/yJjNpqTGx5pDQ0PNs7Ogv6DOeHrPv8rKyryqwqrDu7nOl5XcSEplZGTo6LOXx8z/vYP/06xensniam2XssNflLzUOjv/3L+XvZjaOzzfV1nU1HDg4ZtXV1nIsd3btJLjpnDTR0fuqqr/5c7Nh4fIyUnQbGuqu8bRU1Ryn7/v78zVvKbmenvOzlxa0N3QX18qBAPerYG56/DZ2oTm3O/rmpv1z89w1uGPAQL9AAD19d/Zyufpi4yJ3eZDgrah5OvMk7xEtcifiFGpsi5qAwQissOCcKqzAQHAdburWEy0snnbdyjNlmSwgJ/ecaXCOjqpr1U3sLSabadcj2CGyYiNr0lruLyAhCK9f01ji5Kc05x2laZXNDgtgJl6ck9NfY9vSE0umGbI5sgdanVToKKiYYoiVCG4mTEVVGCv269dVB55rKrapStUiDYfpqDszLLxt4ajhTDlAAAgAElEQVR42uybv2/azhvHDY7JYRVhFhIZOHPilyohewAJOsVWpcr6UqlT1MES+RfY2LIFqStrmDI1EkvnqEOlJEuq/k3fu7MN5leS9tP00+Tzfg1pas722X5e9zx3JooCAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIDfSJVwrG5rsaFr3dN6OhN7pH/mBDrZsrE1cSipRv9xylFXdPGzPnEpdcxE47Kz/L1LaFZuI0RPHlDTjYc6opZZ4YHLi2geh6do/9SdXO3QGsdjizi/8njmAUn2mEg64r66Kv/ZoEXE8BMLUi0YOrO0RTju725cZK3fI4hhT+ehIMcDLohWa+w1VS5IqaicBrVKqruItkZN44IMjmNBGDuRR6Wr8di4NzxDxkPlcYIMrd8uSODO7F8RZOp3gxVBxgWOGM6yVN4/PThAED+tIGkZxc1oJN7aKN7qzpXdgqja4wXhg186FKTieH7NbWstz/Hmw25daagyRml0NK3j13zPycSC0LmIM9WarcSjul2QfD7RpE5S/54g/KL8XxFEjXsTn8Rb/OoF4k71WRNB/PSClEiNx95gSt0wgrSRxSxPFDPW0PTZKGy7T0rxHi03qCvZCW810eRz6wWsVyWGZ9tjWa6ZvFCa7u8SRFkIoigj4jfEvwXKSgmtFkVf3yejZYlFK6TOtSIFEY99z6f2dE9WXJwuL9DmNgtORY4izYlF6l1aH9Kwj56txoKopz6jY1HZOf4rh1kd8clgymyvRAzFkQcTgrQt6haS4VoLGPVFNhPnsbrasgeRIP0ZvyV6ftsFbwpCvGbA/NJC2+23apcgr4gcNYYOgvjpBTkmJ7x6sTqZinxW6pDplTZ1eVxZdlA1XoVtayQb7TGw3Iai+XY7c0ynPLqI5TeNQZUEXuWETmXTWano0kH01KuLCce6IIYzW80g0bzEjoJMa7s1fzY1FoKoFtdl7siUUfdMozTjMa2lyKxQKCsD6jcrE/GRQaxxqdToMr+d0WXsBvPFFGvGJqlmYPfFeYJexhNdadlWNdW1+MEGjs3LGC6INSwW/XDOE9IheiZ1zA82oFYv05xnlz0IBelbfHuNdWX2ilF3CmK5Zsph5RVBNvZbFYQy5ob3Mk8nYZ+yiOInFaSQz5Zs2ufz32ocQSk5DTS5NYpF6suxLIiUytCxJh5NWrZKiefWkJ948on1lRYTv2Xt+YOCbMxBJCfkeMcchCq6nW+w6qKmyuen48UcZGiJaPFYgwvihJN6M+p4X16TvLyCLJ5aIjE6RMjv89nJhAxESxHrcYnl58U4nShhhn48NeD3K1HIiR5IQWZUpKW2OJRFYvSdgtjZqF8JQZzFft0tgsybe+YwOqLjip8ZWTmCJ13FIv6eiKVsHEEjIp6/Snl8W+56kcA1YBNVlidinMuKAoiMw0/Es0qRAg/wtPhsbj+ixFpbxRKk2FjdsYpFeeCWjqkWGtFzGe99EAuiMU+cNsX7YYSKdYmorkZM1IfVxOWJZq4rMogMO34E1w8vISGIqOy00Ks4hXqprNw4izcteiAFsYbiwAPS40kmHdPaKYjMaba3Ikh9sV95iyDhFib1HMsPBuQEUfykgjTT+60o9uIImrFw6WUqHnliKWYa7mFTmVWCaKSbxaVxWK4ZPMZq8Sj4GEE2SLHhrqUZ0cnp2J+FRrSJVyqkRQSFgrTi0zZ5L8zlRYk+FMJUIC8vahUIyeON4cWlkoK01+fe+bZL2DTNz1OLtix7IBuy6Mi1x5VY8q5Z3Z8osSRmmDTmUu46OUUUP/kcZE2QZAZJCBLm9CqpuLaYfrv+YqRbF6RHzPCzXxGE+6Ep9wjSJDxHSSNcGXPOQhCNdMPTNjYFiQIpvLw92WqQFGRLBmlvWZzKmoGtLTPIsgeyoT1dJI3HlFgLQWYy1r2HSyxJMxQkrHgLBMtYf1yQioyNcA6SECR8jHyPrEMLvOCg5dVHvRSkzDr3LvPeJ0iFTXf6ITupjWeREe5Q1hi8x9lwpWvqx6lnQ5ADNokvb48s3kMuBUnMQcb2bkHEgsaAz0EakSCLHoRzEKsRN3tMibUQRMzblIPg0SWWPEswDm0ZIIr/tCBiFSsTrWItBVGbcsIu9tCG1FA012pnKifjwqYgSofNioY50XdN0k2zQzzT3NKhPWYZ4mVYdqcg4eSdyGPrmZ4t36RZQSUtVrHcqlFqT7cIokzd5SoWnZSMptdLCrJcxeLNe6/S2wQZjkyjaVl5fp7gxBCrWIkeiIYtK+hlSqfD1sZwYJqWb5pl4V13U5Ayc0qmY22OJQPTdG3THIgL4sfvdJuGOQ271AhnWeHqNfijgsj3IHb0HiRRXtBOvMfBmJUUTRevBSb9LYIoxSll1jizS5DFFGUDPfrIeIQgBxOLuUXZ4wyfLItIm/GOO7VtgpzIVythtV91KQu6+0lB5HuQWVWMx40xDd+DrAvSdmxmzcTIXh+H70ESPZANGx4/vzvaSIHd8KKqIt2MNgVRUj4LTrckW31RpUlBSrwD1AlrqhM5VVctD0H81+D5K6PV8xq6NLvzcKMZfepvbpwmV4j/Cc48XOWtIy7/GvrUfMa979nafR/rJ5ni7BFf6fqHjEe/5zgGk3MUZ4aw/IsoPecVk3zn3ulsJ6DMP96SFdW1dde/g6Icqxp6H1EJ/l2MeN21invxFIndp9TFtwGeMdl43bWBe/EUVUmpXh8xrFUDsBuK78sAsHN22IwyiJbllLMAvFxaP7uWMaCERn8JpBMAXjqtnxTkoJ4e2csM0iItjDLg5SaQX/oDrunydU4WfwEGXvKa368J0oUgAIJsY7RXHoxIBYIACLIN8fXSaUWBIACC/JEDAABBAIAgAEAQCAIgCAQBAIIAAEEAgCAAQBAAIAgAEAQACAIABIEgAIJAEABBIAgAEAQACAIABAEAggAAQQCAIABAEAAgCAQBEASCAABBAIAgAECQv50PPz7iJkAQsJ2Pt7lc7vY9bgQEAZvkv79+/f3D9ze5r99U3A0IAlZQf7zJ3Yr6Kv/tKPcGlRYEAUk93h/lvn6I//f+NvcGWQSCgAXvc0crU48PXxO+AAjyH+fD66/5tZTy7c3r7/mXdp0Hb1UIAkF+mo9vjjbnHB9v17LK864hP51dX5wfHh5+vry4uv7yCYJAkIh89qFE8PHo9dZyis9Lbt+rL8KOy3dCjbsvZ1/uri7OPx8enl+dvYUg/21BsvtGsdlr63qtmqlr94TP19c7MoVY2Tp6/gtaB9eH59c3wofY9rdnVzybXF6fRQhtLs/fnd/dHNx3nE9ndxfnl2cHEOQFDJr1pq63e82Ska7vmdyS4+JeelAvt/oNbS0p3Oa+7T7Mt6+53O3zXtG6uTy8O1DU9Wv49OWCp5UIUXjdXV99Pnx38WVrZjmQSh1+vri7PPx8/RaCPG+0vWO992qZNdTGoNSr6RG1dq9qpvajgfB77sf9BdgP8V7k2Soi0sfNdvn5nD2CX50USL3h8X94eXV9879VO7hL51dfeBbizW6uDt/dfYIgzzd5/J+9s/dNnEkDuJPBYRnWMkkRW4a8i2Q+hILuolgrTMVtLIFk8yoSEoqQ0NJSXYV0zR0dhe9foDqkk6CgoEYUiI+CoFTvlm9/f8bZwCZkA8E247Fhd7TaRAkZwzzzm+dr5pn4Jc9zobdTGtBkVIyHlPNAkAvXoRAUdRVBzXd0B0D+cIO+S/Wx/aMt2/oP5V5/6bH0x+NeozFRG32NjrG6ePnqJY9ZtqX+AuQwPQ9PHRY9W1yO9ZkQPUvCijdPTY0oh2E6cZBKpLdNfTwPCNgIziLm1V6ZYAs6Xjep1872wC9AXN5oMb5s4sqvoDXPY6Py2PznSgz+kY4aeu1BBn3BmO1b9KiXyoKRVHWivvVftN9Lfbaj/gLEtWREPMFwEr40vljhgidJmDonN8lzW5tS/+NPSEMvzWeoA8scgj47tnGVnzSzY2eVCJBzck7/l/sFyJrHGAqENX+bT3Fn3tBKg2h+xZXmViSDcXN95ak5GeD5gCFE6PlBKRHAtNienf0D6dE5JQKkXKnm/97+/AXIqoVOUhAKMU/Ih2LtojMZTSeQJ7xwbkg36JnDg8mKSJ1sw+5ZOmmyNisRWtMQsrwMtD1/Mo2Nst9frpbkVRRuZHZ+C3/77S//iBwdIHQQJrlTEZlI5tRSI/guYTJiaEY8JdLDwxgrudmeYNBSj2zLxqQIkMvPWqJcq5ZKuVypqrNRK+WkfRTA17CifP1EHhkg0RR/inK9yr9EeKMxPmTob+4Hh6FE1HYbj/XTyDZte5BU9dc0JaGpkJxORm1Bi84GQGEhiR8CxwWIwhdFpPpoYWCtlio6LBjrnB4mXB/xBXKfbcq4UGzaZMrROX85B15cnoXnsXk7sqX5HfmgLL6SPp8vfviAMJeQI5H2+N3AWjaynjQ2RuBh6vK0odrHuhtEar2Ti9zDRqz5q0a7tQTI178uv8IPejt0QMQ670W7bud/SKH7kiljAAJimHZxxBczHnobsx3k+qrkL8sEsBGQL59WIc9j0CC0h6+LiLtcM7BWDAoxo7OenlMuddYXeGDfbjtpt3sMYj5KJtZDC4B8+RTaVwW5x6QO1WEQtdBfG1jLx8BLw0Jx5ZlcoLZY1DPVoD3UR/tgjQ8zLzc9v8GXTxHiWADxcbAiou70ftMeRQWeGR9i9znrkxbb1GapM29K1R+O6tE5U/rDwvz+8ltAFMWjCPPSAT6poJf5NLEpWOuBp4YBcdn2LDDpLPBwVH01GygkBXL+qrl+TM/vhV/+IXz4gDBKEV6R6PvNbz4EAoIwYqaXDDV3R1JE6nUQzc495rXOKIq9J6b5+Fk3K9IKx8NY1I6uB+nN/jiICWasOTB3Q2YdTPpZttVwg73XaLJ7hwjM8/FTAkJHNDpSnqgtJnV+6ylbsl40pbCcd9blcZNtjmWXiI153HECxQ4+fjpAyEggxsN6IGrXAzKZrTLwCRVTKQ49s+5cUoRptNhsf+KiYAFQO2xfwsuHbYCQLtwy4fNe1vUNuwHRvmcM3ynTQMR5ztSw6Jl1hwqVqo9tttOTzByAwUAI08u2G1j5sAcQnycFk0GFdBMdIM5BWL/0Rm2VOJ0ZvPceFBgw2aFmZ+GPZ+l+eftRJdy3yAG5ZVWJlCzxYQMgpDcMec4bLEJYCcRdMsa0koLFc/uJfaLen80BqJjWSRlqitcVUZuaX864S3m8INLLWvFEQMlk/sMeQIDo1Sz8sHcxE6OnMQFW3OCh+AICjEUwyPshPd0hJ46Pm5btUwJnyBdM2k03Ko8XfjsWdjBWLfKBDhDgU67086qp87UO6UgyGXd8zfnI80ERy6Pm1K61nq4kzQ/4w5zClloHY1vPKSF6iyZzIqDqz6H1sc11QIc8sSSESc4T+tGK8VV4r7OjScZgEJM39JCY7h6vYtFCBO1+SmWwZEWYvi0bzNGKVC/qYGbvCahZ5gMFIFyFX9So3dwRfQlPnNy/HUkKEVzPmicMWEK+YtKKOnt1DY9tTe7YWo0BXRihb0LPMXvwgQIQgTuPv4MAOIdhx+JZ9AmMYfOC7ndVUlyNWF2wQggYpm331idtDKfN0TTD53GBVC7LhJOA7OwgJBRFZ0ZRTPHn+NzNadqYK02mBCuOGaDnCXsvym1kO/KB8EEAtWksJSKXyxLhbkD0kgghJwbRy9fxhQhAfkep6jVCKhbH4+HJzotye2yLIQ6mMVLLQGEgkPPXGMLtgBBk2AFCwBm8xChw8M4mkzfCDfMWHSMwzFAZWyJaejHRg6oRbKQwELCYHsQNCEHH+Ajm8SM56MEp8CfKeJgJ0DHzGcPlXxLE0JZNjDYXE3XGEWEspz9wA4KfEF8K7wMf0gNT0QMOWg9/21AQflFM9OAA0R2Rd7ymvcJXmAEB2oxQMA5dHHeGcneO8IcBCcKA5QmJvDwQhmKitgAC5HZnqxlNV/37xxzwbXfHSkiET+Hd43KfmJsVbgAGrS/Zw0QCYeIQSzFRexCZZFvbRrG0v/7Aeh4EXEJMSXU6ADnM8ZhpwvxuqVPIWU+hPqArVAqwFRO1g5AGO978i5y58iXOA6JbFac4hkwpwjPM5vQqxEv7RrNut1Dodmcj3+7Jr/D7pFCfEhk0hBxS+mODuMfsRutQ3jd+5QAg4AR+tN+6SsEY7rwkGOil4kZ3F1q7vru9vbvWv/tcmI3el1FI2McSvE9kEGziAT3X707cYS/0sxvsQ7lcQ7JI4j1yqxFybrNzHoYV/CkX/Rwh6F7czkarm6ABGdV0yY2GS6E7YrZLSkzus8kgnxjsPQnAI/t40FdREwTTeWshMuUyGiMb85l0cAU9Ng5VlIP1CH5x0+kBQRYuuvRaoHRxbys96t7qyuT6893NzW139uY4Ix0v8so+YE73/LTSQYZ338QYmtIPtkqtjEgr4i7aAM7sI4Q8gUmvE8KeU/nR3fVs08fVIZlpfonmmdx+1ki56c4WbfHDW90m+wYrI8tv+oma7ze19PDuofNBEGr29SYZgCLA6wwg+qnTgD3LuEfgPY5srM9T89n13fZhWFw/of9HjrqFhZ9ysXRWCl2dlBvIXxdmpFU2nyy/b8CM24ca3v1hgBuvtpEBJAFepwDRCLEhxqSHroI+RxZDOpMpXBRoY5LUpyWpNx+5wgYAzcy6u9iogAz0OKWs5kM0PNi+TBxHWydE0x8l4oABITzwCvFEBqGKTXUSDS3i/7Y4u59tw0vI3eoujJWPPkhY2gHP9DQ8VOJo2gshdBWd/nCocNw5DKPMcwOlAlMhpySTp/51MdpXdXn5YuHixtKg0IPEvQU8mkeFxxohKDZgOQ0IEUoKqLadAOZjEYYjjjmadCZ9Mdu/GzEGU9efR1YG4CGTNpcwBJJmXLWOC49nQjQ+kJqNDpUeJTlE99aQAQFyThZOmVPfukg6CqVg8aJrAXRwnzaVUp/0s1lNewBwjIRINRPXq2ECJJHJDKbT+dCMkADwWrz57NWHJ694Phh1Uih56u8FNPLQhiQJv91aEUc+MTDqvzCNzuKewaOjY0XIXufPbQLkn9PpYJBJU1TGFCT6eXFRFONaM1IOFEjy8j7r2vP9vYxH4M+crW9Kp/+4RRdaZgI8/Faw8Ik2JAylRq/XaDQmE/VZUzOTcSvLdhrMceKhE/KnH3VYDp2Jdf801SExfpKHPoHfmxDbVjVoCYdcquo3vZdr1VKp5i/ndJnTp0k9sOtsm1J3SFMvviAPhd9pC4S8ShhKvRb70tqd/mOvMe5k2WxnPCGOtoGcv/xf1Mfqkfog4P7J1HHQaHzRxEggJuh15za52hocmtrw10o5mVn9oOr3lySlCLmo0yIZUv9BrcFIjwD53832CtYShgs6Oj0ZMJKsquqk99jvtFk22xpPGOKIG6j6q6CBuvAEcid9mDZ+kmfNTwQ+5UzzUj++3jEg5f5P3vXEtHFmcZiBTOzxyGBBbPFHqkRoYzlaOWatxis1ljDYkjcoWuOk2LIXGeTKqTe7XWFFSuKsvG1RSkQTpAQrBYmqpGnhQAsbpRwQSFVCDgTFPkTisMlhD1z2vKeVVrvvfTM2HmPwjGcMpPuimJnx/Pn+/d57v+c33wdgAHB4jSIW4oq97jqMnMRiuWDOVgGjyEU6TuTzHiXbMtLs9DqPjpwXRQttbByja37Z4uLDu2ojRAWANJ+6cePLL+/cFcpV+Zs8dFuLtuuYJm8wY8RyeHf1rOYYwCMDHleJ7w5SPsya/1AdXbgBdJ0kzHf7Fp5KdLhWASGupWnTNKCj5peOht3izdHzUXUnZ1EBIP+9+/XX167dab4hQIR+aa54SYvO2g5ty1lBIYBbZSyNolpQ3EYEUCh2eLkS9DfcX6t0Z7qG0Q5uYD6j1WIwIErK+1z6Ve6fbtPs+v8fNtBAetiEkL5Lq4sQ9Vysv13LQ+SCk6t41o36OsK9gW+VimfX6wrX+QB+EmJjh/S2D32T+1MVb9/WdbETHSQ9vlcCKLFjtvxexoQeG322svwJl217G0c37fV4ArFYIpSQ6xIgzeJjm4WvD6qKkDH1OAj9aR4i+k1uteLXQfWNXR2X2Nhu40EW3xSt80GD6jgkiNCfc/GqPqDzYldbzp7oOzcWMFuevFhis/k29DxFG1sfXXoGHNwNHHx+ZfS8AsV0gNoeBrXH66JzLDPBYoASI5TEJfC4JGEqlkiEMLLJxzY9hcgyAkJU4iGuFyYVSTq9AxH6Z7Oj8llkO19rT/+2uKfP1naJFx/JKZFDsSK0j3NWObe+/p2iSS7q+TdLfN3/MBj+tTzn5oO47un5lWejYyQvGBXThV1K1uXygniIlPJaD6jFjF7eTrCCwMDGnVAskEMLjSFLPBLLxyz3cKhC5KQAVMiLS2HR4rQAeknperg5b23O/ULdFaZ2IKLAzfKEQm3vagfbdgagvq32IjCPPVJKjAFW8QR6cmXhlaPqiz7RJ4pfDICBsL4yZ5qffG0xWLaWRtfHxOOILppTzksCHUWS8By4OjEGEokCbe/SG4lXlShmmYhy4JY8iMDjcpXqVRd0d4y3GHt2+ti88kXVcVHd2TH1c7FyEKnUzaIDZLrhtr9ote+31J3U0Bpc1u1060n9fh2gzhQW0vGRNaswcZvRhSp99yhwBUIkQkfXFU0lhguX4+qa0EpPfRaDtcRrVh8+51f9FH5cTRAtCwJ2xGgERetCHZ040PgfDQqfBwad8xn3Gd38YeQWxJiIEIQNFmNDgbKpMjhv77yydEzwrqZHq5GsKFgRnES2EjfLmOCtAU236VoHO7TaLq12sO4sXSbso3QSb3nOz8IfOSXTtuXTZlBP8k5GwS9CHhgYMT5CR7d0FbTu2IrJPTtK5waHfsNmsPh2v66Lq35uCCFyY6mhaOQD6DHPwaDEm6jUBdbzBU0kYkSEBpPoJK5PuxVMNozeFbFB1cjmJRC58wFxszZlKlpXKFSYzU93nmzA5aTL19Srepranm23Yf+2ghddARXoVwRisVCBswEqnahKGAawD7o+gNlmRkJDASOJrsGcE+V64Z5bKhpomoVug31B/GOl0Rt4aOZuBrz6mr0zdvVC8g6gxFVdlLhibEJJfi2weIAGkZwRkngzNCKjFXqT3lnTrHev8b2/NPz+V8dP7A8Q7JjvTt34FN0ss7z1LDxsxbNRuEKqviizpzy1Gm5ymzJ7nEZeyebDNZ4cK80HZfL0FX/ZoQV3HCjrlvY1YsljXAK+WKpp0NWybdA8NDwC7d3Y5BzlGaCRRwkasGrFG4AvhDyKEEgLFpOma2pkpegjX5s2meZfyAcJmI/84jyyAVL7SUt5gCAVuXHqO3SJXzqhryRyEYF+VOrRJw4AIfU+Q/eqbPuB6WPg0bj21dY0MTL6YqLeESDDeHbPFwD1G1ZDd5THVygX8bywKpEBCgasCnFAPiQVOLzcYYDI2NLKHIJElnOB5sNVUylAQKQAhK754E7zXbJ1/jnHrT5/jknxq+Tv5ubLko6X4tUcYlWn6hsWy8KqTP5hBFKBvFJap+5C5MVBvWt27g1b+h4kdkoiRD2EU+zoWBkMkOYdOzXbTshz8Bx+eiSCxG1akRz2LTQfSgFSr9Fo3jv+Xn1p0VxrvqYhWxc2nav4D8QJ4iBp8ReKzwcy56lXJgE2Vl9NWTD4zjvNP8u4gmjRhJJ6ndR+NDe3pKnHvE30w5GpeHgyk8j9UhbwPF2wG2ydogvxZ0PJT9EAREIBjRqNlHf0PPVHRTqfzQEfkVS7MTAfYwX7Z5UARHscxWC3nqgtJcf+3jxyqehYezv8r63dznJcdru18JsM29Nfq1QybEbYav3p9nbW4XBkQfx+/MySHb9/W/xc6dJqM1gfms0PJV/Qn+kBzZ7pr21VUqffaJeFVsxkenp68r9nwHYmk+nPN5rNYhH1Q3urn8tKfnI7lJbNt16F0p/BGrNYMOV9qaq0Pl40PZr8qL/saW73Y9GRFuUWxNpNZmzu6+sLNtTlJEU+f/jzyCWfzdptt2OKhK+vL/99XSQOdsQfye1GWTZap4JE2TB8zsSdZo4zO/0gaLEcWbIJO4ASM2eeqejePoN1xuyISDw7FYaxElZcqa+WTR2nRUcagqlgcGd3IL91rNtgFV+c5Bw/SX7SQF0wzPakKixnKhom2AhHU3VHUybWTCbTo8W1yamJPRt7zbT2lfhQq3IO0s7ogrbunfkCrRmi5noyW/wk5yR/CEBCJqm19ukYIhTDROJmgAjupHrYcBoPKZfo1m0nYiM+E4H7USjkcVR+k4k4OX9v/gLd0K1bDx48uH9/qMydfd9mzZyzV0ohqHQU0ZGiGEpZpaiJR+6JBu27Owcovu0KqrMjOp/BPlB4NTPu4JJyHpcmHSG7lEQZADbSWGEdRanSk+oKlmt4YmpybRET15YnJ87tPmfK7Z4qHoXtagCEdM5AMNjX58ug8d/a2rJsbRGQZL5o/jH3SDjFZi/ACMP0EoikQXHJ7ZXx5Mx4pLe4I3pn0C5l4+MUsx/cqKTZnBS+H/qsKSdXbu19SW8SnEIHuXFZyaNDea9OmpaHGaZF2y7x/KDd0icut5+LyykIhaackokOBEfqCIKiRGHxY3hichlQsvjksQglw2A+hnddIRcgdD3DHD/NtO0CCK++cWCkKWog2BfUMWmiWN6MfFFYDB4jA4UQ+SYjs3WpcTASRMwOfzw5jkDpHY/7ARxm/0yUjZa9Q8TPOYntun/mzMdgP26BXD/TdPn7XZAbn0nG/eiwvfoG0CGlnFGV0AEaZc00SSzGxa5GiS2jsxqsOtGRuDyEMDp56gpq24OW4y0T6t7jJ4vocqHHNfV4cvLJGpiPEtWQbUEaCDH/dSmApErYZ6JNX4hbMGizGASIoPq5DY7LjIwWpmacnCPZG4GhK4xdwAlgg3P4k8R0hCUghJlBI9J4tbsOsEkAACAASURBVOnyEOoVdAqoxu8vN525nve0qEgSIUe4TPxzQ7dOUunAHIZ16nQi4GOK36rreF9yA/ks9qDoQJLzyxu/0I8w5qWeGk5TzFuHD6GBASXLJCna/Whx+clwqXPalaeatOdHRmnNcy78hg+6hMPRaDQFkk77CEQo7IoU1Zt0cOZ4RCI84GSHCE+g5ON+HhuChNlU+RuB8+H4XdPHlMgAP7jS1HR1iFg2RB5CjlAZn1R8pFgpz5aJD4Zp1bZI1h8DdoNPVKsZicxJ7DVJsIKV+MZHzuFi7t07t09N1QIIGua9WpQaHhl5Fg2HwwUxylyoUrhm3C/NjGDsq/x5YEMk9Bv171fc9q5bDV0903TlgZ/jgObnhlXQXuS37OOehNNVwAfDvKM9Jv1Km6F7QETYzI6I3KfzPEqnKl054kipIkDQFOzXVrqR5h/ywYR0Oo1mJJrZ2rJRBSwYzUjv/r4VjFv/uJTu7ekpO6AbP2u6mmMiIqm7/h+O294pSaPVUOS07ONwqDZixPhgdKel0hCUPkshV6cAIeaI7BIQ77g0v6DSJKqrli95lEUVgJQPDlJ5hOQASwGVL9J04/uOfwwKA/WQ2LlsuMxI/R97Z/OaSLaGcXwRC6pLsNSEoASEgiJGF34gYhISCJ27M1BGgwQak8oHqBR00+BCRAIuzMJFQ5xQ6UVWN7ibbhiGvvRiyH8ws5imsxiGoWEud3+3d3HPqSq/yrKsKiukpzNn0Qlpyyqrzu+8z/Oec17psr+LnYi7oXphZ8sd/pPzl0XlWnORSM5Yrz+3UXCo+CAID1MywV5x25sY7b1HmXDH/LgKV6dIaz17cTqMJPhPshB4/uKKIP4GxAggp0gpzbzZY4Roj3RyTksNwSCPFM53jHeR8xlG3SnxITuRfL5arTaw489vZfAFINfZ4/w1JwEH2ZQ3VjSaz3kBD8YHQSySi2Y6d2588NnJZHYsXQmcn/YnAK8Gc4Ho94fSVkA7XY7FABtKN0MO+CYA+WxIV2xqEkKrRjopRTWU//K8hpxHaph7wKe6Zpkvx8V+OgtRkQnLuTB0mqricJzNLySe2jSoruzl4/jDBB8EUWI8ZjraQSQyeulH4bzly1MUlTwXaLusohxsKFQqpdPNQjTJ9IvRRpvpJJkMueCvD8jPxkKtdgxBI914F0SCuYEcO4KkIc9rSHkk87dJ16jz3IAPZXKagLFZR0h4vZFPL5lgkXgEPn7AM7qTg0k0aqpzFlPe7FguqzrPwA7Elf1sEOAJpBmSSUYLhWY6XQqxgUDQ4fLQ8iNxhRAjrOevDojBWd4pMQSniNQaH0CCJJNvHM0xME036oiP9kwJXwToxcfTwLp82GbPLz8MZnShzfNO3FvodrdSF8gvQr3XNmzWqZh3JAtCVN03D9+fdm6UZuTJYQDIAqsTJcARYsiS82kAMiWG4KzkZBIVefidOT/aNKMOM/nI9tUJL/i5Cm/gkxmZvTfYq79bun0j/4rn9uUm/YyXESH4F65l5JrkODhyZ6mt8NGD9iVQBLHcZqYbXU0koYIzcQdcDI1+EoDgGHKnlTTMjq+xs6uda4/qYlyfDwzs4HLElt8viDBTztnFx5v3S99JK3PwtL5f6HZ7vUqlUq90ceCAEBnku5Ua+p9Wr99nnGKl123ztMw+3xbFkdEmO2rVd8KZh1P0R9UtRRDLrRHWR8SVJqNBY5dDs2RyEZ4CIARxsXBBacos1Ro7e9qpRt613fJzunyoJR+PxnGuohvlbeNj88el95eStKrF/WWNk6alZYvA1zl/XBD5br3FDdZaxuNKwIkLA3qwVR/e2Y47/1DKqopd41iWES952OpMx8NEnwcnomn5SQBC3C28Pp4tl22LIeoJGqSZ4j29ExUT6rwVENBFYaRVb4Pt8YPvCVyr3u2D8OZ26QeKALGGun9Nk2KqIKWy0JVghLDsqlVEGoUNZFFqtTqKJWIbH+4fqDBkp4bxsGFq8btxbYXChcYcr4SIlo10YjzMOf7lKFminwIgxMeVVx+1kiTq5RG2BZERnUXX/fG6zm3GU5eqtLPih/h6GY/Mmtpfmw+kfOqow4qK+NEQDl3ckTmhHMf/VkTR8dPSh0u6K8TRibrTrpKOJvs4Qbc3YHbkJ0juBauwrpwLyo7MdObdHYIXe3WhpbQ6P/897mwp23o0XMmWxiaBIMMsmk+IBZjk8lMABI5frXyvKW3G8/Z2NbxI7FLs9lB3RWNuTa8/HMS8kURRM6UMgw6t7lGT8QNE5BLifWuNf3JloYZYGaBCi5KPUICDdkVA7/y/35f+Lb26prY8sHd4eLanHOxMFgyNpHyFQ8pQemkx1h986N6vv8Zlny+3sv4uGEPmI+/O3EzPDu/gfGQ4jydiUbvZIegSmbaUlvIUSJb69gEhAFn1d8daw3fqYQjp/vbsty9SP9XrC5Dd9qZy1CxJ1Br1xxp80D0BR4QWUj6oF/TFT6scH6KCaUCvqIuju7quUfgIYYon6Lg+3PCtbvh8vo213ZN9D7iMLn3HylBZvZ+NeHMUX0EXz7n/QKTCmMNSQo1Fb+4ON/QPB5zdCveTW5n//seq4QaWjHq+fUDQB71YWHitwQiSy7ZbddwByuxzeTGMzoM52PZuZ8HQyFzG/hi0+JC7YG1MH/W3nwKPUREQKmWkp9RB4O39/cba2tru7u7hydn+noeSlnVSlETH7j5FOPfODtcwJqvra2TBqBpvC4hnQRBqtab30xd/GfmoCRtCD0ONlegxY4HpuASEoz//kDa1WUzhu6JkAL59QAhi8+71wsKrd2ozQtlMCODtHYIorzbWW1uHREgqa/DOg5Riigs9XuJDWdCi6CTUBS1c5j7q+WtSW1/fWPWNNomO4Q263j/ZXd8gX55RhgeIVrnMcfE490n+iJCfnA0Zhhpz3sMoHkOVFCVZafmQ4e0/6h4SIqPpUCDoob9tQDAj31+sLFyods5DzJuz77PhjG7/ueshQuEi0JQ58moSDT8/u2yL2OC0sK6q9aw4XvoE4XHvHEYb+npv/+zk5Ay3fVpV9gEXREBS4+XGvumRFAfJAzwbsjV5aLtm2ozg6GFyfdwyk3QpwgzPkliKBY5SM4kXazFNNuh8wGgCHsdiIJQukI8FCHrUm3cTGS3UV+1K91KV8YwunGojAri4rQXzx1eE3559UXx4udblLW08pQ9Xffe/v9VQJFJ1EO23BAdDrq7vmb7h2RRGpKO5KEvSoibMyEjdC6MtONCGIO0izTQsKi1wLi+y6aREieth+ECxDr19tFBqPhoguB2/HtY8UT67XYS0y35BlSzRRESeJ7ByyvNnzwO9Li74wFsO+NSab+329tL0+T1JZt23tme6Z2FEslW35vwd3eP8ZYNRZCc/WjnJYJ6WTFNj1n0Lu5E5HrYzyDYZshC0P7VFsWRUkXHLjwkIEJvvJiYOcwbdsv7AXPdzosYJ1Yjg7VDWbA/YUZwBdn0/Lv20aeUDNsn0hnlEgEKIpH4J70zJe3H+mhHYjzJus+ED6cIQTKTAMuZ2+WiFpQKZDNjsSEYTyo8KCG4fX63cjf8FP8I5ERGnPmjJi5yPhg9rvfzKlt21h757ubCPJbsaOkOImPUigPPZ7l+oqQNLvDvzPW7CGbP7E6mSVtkJgA5yI2G5yJ/V5iqRDGvjgl8IkEnX45v0ocy6WHitciJGpiT08Ghpho/+o5JLqUjnsRo+bNpde4L4eGv5aCxZztZ96xbs+r/c/0wUp0rTln6uASzIK7pABqfwCjd5qUxstWE5lDhZxr45RBQ+QjTxFQFCwN3KwoVKZ0mT2gdWbhh0y36uonu3pGpDp1CMGd5N+xDyiiDO5uIDm16WgH2EyJnpi8m7P3ljU6ZlZ+yC2bEgr4JJRq+XwNFNVaHEIiQ0Mg222HWKZZKOsczb4wOCp0UmEMHd1xuJ5Yomay4io8n1Zh+DCz99tho+sLyy4Vns++7/8Waudwjgbeqwv+bbMIvITiaTiEwze7zgr8H0I02Xf/A0yeasGXCQ9lfLVZU7VpJbrqgdQcSRHAsfXwsgmogQIJXETsVyueyBQU6QyTSYqjzY/twvRWB2zLKpeMme7/52Pj4IKMlFe/cQIifmjOpReIvCSlY7TFf8LdouPugQmQwavcfIk0gF+6oN066Emj+IONNkQU3yVwIIQuTdJCI46ZJIKVXj8TcoxGKJxHT/3m4NivXMupm41BXVr0RgqhQinNpTDmpv9f72cm5BUGBkd3ptFhHo4IKkBzHvWDHxocySSrLawAcVYJiA8fslTQB1+tUITDKicg+GTjZOmMYela8GEAmRlXdaKU+qeJDNJRKx2PZ2KhXRfqJyAqZH691TqigfJ5W66n8Lw9W5qWqI1AtbNp/Dic83Px94bW9U6RLXu0homalw3JDmC+URaHsiJSLGOX5+PiAYtbSjHIgjrLcyJhGhAiSZXpx1PjxHzpaaUYZkoukQu+hwBBcDLBtKau7s/YoAIWDzYmHlblMfdcDl4b2xnPRlC4kBNpHB95PIkUZpiQQWaJivWCrS/29VqSvA9XQNPglkP+wovYsG/Pv3x3bcs5G1vehNTc2uD4o4HOS2verieNDW2Jhskg9wFMiCZdUDuIa/SUTAGSiQZCHgmYZGkC1FpapChXQoEGBDGBOpMcno/9m7vp80sj0ez+XKlowGHMod4HJvN73p6rTN9UdaIxDuronk+iDRosS4DyKyNGBoWjcSY4w+mNSN9QGDXIUHXyjpW2tCUHMfiP+ASXtTk9ab0N0m+9Lsn9BN7jlnAAdmhpmBUdi7fh8aK+AMZ87nfL/fcz7fz7ef91PNBBBmz/fJseiYoCdaQsMggkGv5qPG9GAEYga5msGS3SsCBzXxKbzazdm+kSqpC75TJv3w0HReGXwwW1mlv2sjXdL54GD8/ER9isvW9I1VnojIxAeCR53Sb4gOWR0iQ5yEXmXohwDo5zC1dIZ+CIabE9OmFhXbX+q0WlWVGLDJAKJW//v7609eiqpTqyenpiaJUh3dC4Z2xXRdYoRN2QFaeY7Px3CSpKqLFFYVCK90LtKWVgofavUt1gkD4adp6akIGGARe6dgxl6+q6cK6svkU+ThwzIhWZRBFCIC5/5MewoecSid+cZEAQzmVhx1q0wrGs2dWy3y6Y1NB5ACRGTNuDCHdiU/3RVV8gffyUznhbJzO+11KocPtJXF8hoqmIpIjrOGuth6pAyVkT0mqHA3WCzh2uuShA+GkGxSBh5FiFSS6sHMHlYXhOAogmSIE22ZTdM4gIKZBo67apsiTQgQRD/hHK5XsfUxyfJuVXdvq5eMKNUYJ0DbAs59h4KjRfRNsG8sYSP9Uodjs4tdLQtGKsVlAC4B6wkvbfvm+ITwS0sUrgaLhINjqKrZDGOcFbNyVPSZubZC0TvAvWD+gdW3BkrtKWb2xnkrTHBTpFaz6caKeOb+2wIIAC8lQwSERGR85GzgCsdZCjXGAX7SGlUWHzBRZ6UhCDBe0io1E9kcKNNbmBzk1uMQ26h+/te2XyOh3QpVR+DbDTGoKNQTr0WWIh9hLGNSVgsR4F6WWFkcNxKbW2bIW4ANIkEdrvqQ2pQAQXb8hFNOxWc+GF4pxuUEQl2AlHIfwEV6FccHSkPKAeGx0x6pny2v6xCoNoDhVWSNkXccWwtHImFkjCRXTzAcWQptFxQpYObR97En7FN8OgwtDyBp8T0s1MwrqzG0LLOV328cIGriVWen2IYW4me/UPKi/+Jrz4ezDyVGXmcl/Unl8aEmKmWtVVbSJXXZQA0gWEvvA678UrH4Q4UFgtfGoAWhQXeBhYJBwetjMVGYeYBQT0/o8oUQQaHCZHnmdwIQZs+3apy1GyxW+DhmHYQyz4TT1Bj3DleEKqq10YFcbeUf8oIsHMrZEpLTYBhnncsojJQ3AZ1B2TBnq5VvrLX9RU4JdOtSK68UxsgmUgcemFPQkTQzQNQAZus/CO73rIf1Y4h45YjGUUNfinI60/u5eDJW52wmcPdqxNIi1LK7IlexhN2eTDuTFzJSlUEW2iyTnqsjZcRz5dDJUqpenG9S1mTVNEstEWyL6B9foDFCXHNDvweAwOl5zIqzwGwsmsxkMsloNBZzRz5/nojFovFDiIxcJpmEr8TjTFff/Vy9LEDcnw+zGRVrO+imbXFGefcCjKd3COEirZKdCJhZxj285mD+u7c52LGxzGwWdY1LqxsHhgrKlW+sx6dulEFgt7XVpptCjPT2jkwVvwkxNdLd3ABBZetnZ9lsNne4n2bcBFVuzsNMDLC8PpiNohbx2foDGQL3VVKqE5/Wbjuk4hemDMgJsphcXTo7C2B/0VUSeOtCnemkVmeo+jnKuT5eMtfl+RG0qyW7te9I9+0OzFq61937oHsQ0zCaGiCOaJbp875/mMvGoeuIwXlPOGITnz+/gX4EGoynKjY10H9BxlkvlVzpJd5Gpy/0lrhBFj41tErfcAUMBWFoZnNvL8VO1QkdEHUf3HrB9YYiBAC5EAEIHZj+PzmFwYFAMkU0cYhFJCE60vGoA52KsFIRVBQVXi8wRgSEcVCbpqyjefABXGQ+N3uRVyD4GrSBAE0H5J5JALfXarXabUjn0WqzYyU7mrbDX/AX90L3wSu2u94TVDV00CFEJEsTIb2XsuKY4sRqWoAQGYQOJnrCTPhCKoJ2dtekJIDQiSSbBh9+Mh+/4J1PviALRnZWkrS7/G5COjrsJI00HiEibAgkXn8g4Pd7vV4Xqn/nfsDM5z6YTUZ9UNfYcR8aF25RUgmPQf4K72YFyCz0ADFW804k7YBW4PUgKoqSNNdQr78oaAqA+Ml3Fx/x3dLwUctBIgBnNklLKlwvSQGrmVP1wppUTFI8XC0uy0QVrfZdwcLES7PNgbY50TkwMljBQqsPICt//fJr1QUDJMnNIV52dr5EvBIZ6n+ZNJXONh4jRIZ8F7uEywh3wdW5/RIK1xPWMilg0MvhnVRCRLuiuVON0b6tDzd69Ifm2kQ0ijCPWfA25QPE9OX0357+5c/nADG1Km3uHHXo5v72+7PP+jWzrL8UyOWpfNbT2khz50jScBkXMj3trzYUNpL2WoRfN8NgrOL17lPOs7V4adIWYN5muPNUc8tS9ZZC+nBroy3149ufU8Iv957+1Mv9Ei3bIWQvQhOyAfL1N/Cfbx+fA+TKruz/2WQC5E9fGOC/3/wd/fzHa9eufXU1gld2BZBz++oLlH/c/Bb9rLkavSu7AkglQHQlgFx5kCu7AkiVEEvxJN2Tp7J8WZ95TR9uKaaJx2dn/60p7fZn8xSVz2Xcwm9p+fSL0Wg8Ofm0kTIYzOYWi2XjxHiyUePXyeTzXtJmucSE1HJT0yL6JgNMx61ev8kM78zggj9Xe4Ldp92cp3HnaZ+Zyepd4ldrvaUPShuC9x/+A+3De/bzsXjwbz+89yg1jJaDVOoA37bh9PR88+QFar1tam35+ce3b19vFC9m+fRLbUn6Px9fhOwPJojwbLito6qPEmUREMed11/VckwO1NpkNk0JUqJmju4an6dwsRpRIqbqUifGhwe1bLtmqZyHtl5uY1at5oaUd3lxozfajna2qlcfgu6OiiMCc9/Ngr6a1kXa/eLfb1sfEb+lnYXh9uHVrR2+W5hfeNbefn9xS5ktY1BoTDR1+16JToM0B7cLx25MUwbMmE+NGp/LBcgfONu8SgFEkB3CKaoFjlfXO49rHa6YAKn24Lnx7hEfeQfUBJHZQyrjpm2XfVJm0rRII4cl3AG/1+UXZYOAwduT5cSSlfPPYLk60a+4pA+JvGNrtb19dR4InwCDrcVhiJF55Y5VJm/fK2LbFylvRqbGNP+2rra3bwde13ZQqFX8oDCWo9hng0Dr9iQYhQzeolrRYqqq19rnOBGQemgc3RgSeEIALiVH8ioMYmlnNHH5+FCDiT6djMVUgn+bvFeaSVieky3HAIDbKuqE1CCs3+Wf9IsLiwsLC3DuDy/siN7s/OL99uHFeYWOVUu41y316JcqxwxsLr+Gsdb4+OumoJqA2SyVzhSEQd1+l5Xp9UrbXP4bY/zLT/ViKpHLEdCJlJ3UQ3g8TFVbncDR3dGUjOUr6dyPJez2y2frAZXUPuqSbaqju8A2MfPJcyZcNOmqLjWkC3KrQ3aQS8DWfn9VUvQEI6Ot1fvQ0ygxTL0d5qVIeA0rTvDU0JeWxOZofxB3OuOF6AqtSDary+9xo5bHqDO43cVPSAXHAlq+sp3IwUPjiejsn3lkfCSVPQ3iVM6htdsvve09zhH4ejnVZSMM50SwjYHKbxfp4+PrKectgmJMJdt0MFd5Vj9EHnT06fVjY8FwJMLTubsQVIOmAAiYZcGjQoIZtVILIJRAkPA8GkcxzgLuAGMeyc3OoRNx5pLwskASPJDbQYuKpJTbkaPiAPqPhLohdkOjcOtXuNxOaU0rVdoY4FZX1bzILpuVhRNy8ZhKCCJbECL1JezA1PG4Z0ml5i+uRw+6FE80GiAgmqOc2VnmRlXluyK6CMrO4SvaAkj8icrvA+OsVwAtYEWTLlUAk/V9ijrMfJIED4b4dmQ8kZCsx/adSbWbboz/wKzFPmVTH8KMJApXqvbKBB476aoy+KFSpDy/WKPzOF/dtp61D9cOEbC9dnoaEvoyxMao8dFBHWRFJbvcOjL71H6m4D103nJhWeg+WLmTlmFtW72esngL/HD2jiStHh1j8Cl5ZUyOWOaQovJx6VTbg9G7G+LpRzqm9tC2xlULaW9OK5GGEK2oL8D0yoRG03f6U2lYd3Z2Cn/dMb+wuDo8/Gx1dRHl2u/fvPmwsCA09SP6bRxbPWu/v7ijrvf+4J+pNdDyBfWntwV674Gho1Hj8wPW7TUSIETWiSs2mLtJ2Eiv6vzOwBJXMVHn8Vph9m63+t06NaFKuD0Br/1/3F3faxrbFuZsJIIMolGDphQCgSC2QtNwDMQw0IIBHypaiRz6Uo1iSCDlqCjBh+YhcCP6EkmCia8a8qaBEBUfgv9AHlo40NseuBwotJTe8w+c+3D32jPqjM44M4lV6X4qjb9mZn97rW/9+Jbhw0eOkq8+aFgNyP8JJftt5GYNg1Qu3XeVLWXX4Isy34TVAcPKODshZmA22/2o/oO5dWYswPry61kdejX9tEsetFqHO5fLueEfud3dvb2c2+3QdlZuN04JE3U6eW/vqAsRt3bvLl7agW/x+bRI90etbAF4cNcYAYKuzfjsbt+tqI0nuqzfFxnkTBqAMEpsjEtl8/jDCexmcYIqK7KVN6kG2e10EduRelEm38/avbWB5P8KqaPjxYda/Vpzd/8OTc0uL8EEgdmH3bkA6CUQdQi05pL5fDIJsNhNxukeLx5zyHfJPQeApC/nt+H7TEJQw4qxoaTDsas4SHO86Hs6/ULYt9q0ePuC+WMEyAlnxKu+R17gYLBiIuWPRqIB/5mObENUZboNO4QRu2pynkJo05JlBVHC4GvVr2T5WrVbexYNcq/UEYOHGis+QAboTghFulmYorG+8KD9NPTYjdoFDyriSYJ3xPo1ojk98C1RnIDEvcfxt8C3ev+5MNSrpHe1DoVcf9u49ZA1huwKV/BqNhe+3QpG+scGEFQ0n3QPnh5FcmndMYRQV0oRNa1WbtZQlpoHqvFNAeEjlycyGhBF3Sya6CaioCE49i5GTEPu8KbXSwCOX1h003nMMLDL5M65HcSDyiWlUYfY6AQGyW6OvBlbmjwxPfkLY3rIl1mAaLF8nw2ljDsqNu8ZKjWykU8Jq6mzMkKZ57EB5NB83bmuHvcK048tZYoxKByzVvjnmKR8c82+2ZvWoIuYj6zdXB1Knf8lu70kAHmim4jxEVGPf81oZhWidGpZszT3QN8JxeYIwyBuFIly6/56IusTu/FtROcxi2e4CjY9CO/P7WFfJ4SMgfXLsqv7xjT1BBN0V6nx9fcvH00m6xfn73/bv//9be6wUrUKTRQYE0DQ0Vq9I18X5J33SD9oTLfoByZMvOIsnYR8MxWyb/bNXCFh55M6Bkn95JAe+O43fUbksG6uHxGBn0nAB2g4vFbg56Ff3nKkQ0l1YI7xXrp39UX/bARhhDht/JQIKrRRtjN8hDAlKBjJ+YLEriFK5y+nn36bf4exYUpkKke1UjbbyNZY7ZxWzJTonW42JoCEzzsa55SH714d3FGwvWrK8AatRQyDEnUur1c0GEURkJjP6+I6v4jK8o3I0Y35sogmCB9gQ9blRpphGm13IhTxW4R8+6di0Z+epVoxREW+6IcgBNHJPSakxsSb8/l4Pg+hBOzbxWm2TObCZ/SdukrTf7wzmWKZVrMbf+CIYVVivQMAxwIQRF92ZiDr+TcTHS/ebR4OUrdMCZpv6sXlm/Wb9pCEiSue1EHs9PL6StiYqLARCbU9vGvzeRExaI+qJ2U9XFqSFcvSLSxxx23mHY6ksPmkOGWLg8ODo0UIa0jyyb02W+ItTIPy2z7j1nH2jf2Pv6zWanhAJK3SMyNzLACh6mttfKicPLKA6cf+nQUrK9YYL52h94hFk1DZUmvv7UqrKTiQBf6TJjq/IiihgInAq46u19auaLjpE4UPfHMfi2m6cW7SzLpmfq5bm6Lf1eZEPfrfHj2R6fx6DIFRI6Rr3QuFeAEvGmHfLg806L1W+/7fuk3LV890oiUVGeaPkR0LQG7MbCktUvHd1Q3Mou4RAGrGrBnebo8aBPPZqGHB7hHdbGWYIIY10wqLmCXicbEouTk55L0MhcqWzamrS3O7lEz84BxXtHdZszDwfk69nte8neGcInG3Nin+DkouDcG3wnY2LoTw/SYE5ewpiKh9/ufj9J/SiRPEg8gYAIKuzcV29nyVh4/Txd7R3EqpTcZq4mHEbxMiIllLlsamFHzRaiVMV6ox+Gdz0FYCWwLEZI1MIGnfZTRnWzPXixRbSrZiCKgn5/Yv6AAAIABJREFUa6EFzdsHosEKGHmzwD1BUFLrHljA0d9fKIpNp1gt2j0RovAARRcwV1RNNb5//kfrCFLyvgJDxBpLJDLVamv0ALk2X7G/o6fgdRjjOFGTj5EzZ3+8t2RZxy+KVbs8TU1XMjHJ+ewIiMnNJejNr50zy3zu/M7WL0Ip2aThAy9MvzXLM0IYISNveFdM57S7EjtINg3Bh59YtxhGyF39BKhLXXWuBCMBv7xE6PEWUXIO3VqC1tif/5FbwIUhUs1kErGY1TRqgKCTNj5gpIyO514NZxwnxkisixGYC8h/GjPvYoCO3mMJAT2T01+CwofFE3ZhZl67hc4aKrpq8KjUk7h0s+tQitvz4/QLGv7IG7W6kHPkJT/t1fQTmd/rt62IwACllCa62E/02AwrkaBnhVRvOz1RCU1udLBv9IFPUrJ7P5kST6dfKC7gQv5RA4SHDxXXEi5eDG1PEDsSqxLGQAW5GRGAgVXMm2pm8N8UdylSWbt32algnNPI/Sy1avatRvN44WF7P+mnZufne3sDMT7kHK8v5dIQzACDoge78qetjzoNq6S5F/MLpPJHGE1uQdEI6vQivbPlMzKt5qhsKWdMVfLDFRdwjZqDnHQKTHj4wOZjf2Ooe4KqAEawF9mqBDu6zZAK+qhRifuxYUinthRiBM38y/BsVj3ZSz+D+fj88swvs3NvlzQazVyvuSu4ZeED0xCxWvG+FRGPWYC/oMTgoig2Hhz1bZLUJZrcvR1AKjLX3Wj07ae2j+EMcL2xZGOmSrtxuLDLJEySeVk9KSMGyFUbH4gr+AGDgy+Gf3BiYpFIxCBM9cHw4QuGCoZM4qt3