# matplotlib.colors.LinearSegmentedColormap

classmatplotlib.colors.LinearSegmentedColormap(name, segmentdata, N=256,
gamma=1.0)[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.colors.Colormap`

Colormap objects based on lookup tables using linear segments.

The lookup table is generated using linear interpolation for each primary
color, with the 0-1 domain divided into any number of segments.

Create colormap from linear mapping segments

segmentdata argument is a dictionary with a red, green and blue entries. Each
entry should be a list of x, y0, y1 tuples, forming rows in a table. Entries
for alpha are optional.

Example: suppose you want red to increase from 0 to 1 over the bottom half,
green to do the same over the middle half, and blue over the top half. Then
you would use:

    
    cdict = {'red':   [(0.0,  0.0, 0.0),
                       (0.5,  1.0, 1.0),
                       (1.0,  1.0, 1.0)],
    
             'green': [(0.0,  0.0, 0.0),
                       (0.25, 0.0, 0.0),
                       (0.75, 1.0, 1.0),
                       (1.0,  1.0, 1.0)],
    
             'blue':  [(0.0,  0.0, 0.0),
                       (0.5,  0.0, 0.0),
                       (1.0,  1.0, 1.0)]}
    
Each row in the table for a given color is a sequence of x, y0, y1 tuples. In
each sequence, x must increase monotonically from 0 to 1. For any input value
z falling between x[i] and x[i+1], the output value of a given color will be
linearly interpolated between y1[i] and y0[i+1]:

    
    row i:   x  y0  y1
                   /
                  /
    row i+1: x  y0  y1
    
Hence y0 in the first row and y1 in the last row are never used.

See also

`LinearSegmentedColormap.from_list`

    
Static method; factory function for generating a smoothly-varying
LinearSegmentedColormap.

staticfrom_list(name, colors, N=256, gamma=1.0)[source]

    
Create a `LinearSegmentedColormap` from a list of colors.

Parameters

    
namestr

    
The name of the colormap.

colorsarray-like of colors or array-like of (value, color)

    
If only colors are given, they are equidistantly mapped from the range \\([0,
1]\\); i.e. 0 maps to `colors[0]` and 1 maps to `colors[-1]`. If (value,
color) pairs are given, the mapping is from value to color. This can be used
to divide the range unevenly.

Nint

    
The number of rgb quantization levels.

gammafloat

reversed(name=None)[source]

    
Return a reversed instance of the Colormap.

Parameters

    
namestr, optional

    
The name for the reversed colormap. If it's None the name will be the name of
the parent colormap + "_r".

Returns

    
LinearSegmentedColormap

    
The reversed colormap.

set_gamma(gamma)[source]

    
Set a new gamma value and regenerate colormap.

## Examples using `matplotlib.colors.LinearSegmentedColormap`

![Bar chart with
gradients](data:image/png;base64,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)

Bar chart with gradients

![Scatter plots with a
legend](data:image/png;base64,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)

Scatter plots with a legend

![Contour
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Contour Demo

![Contour
Image](data:image/png;base64,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)

Contour Image

![Contourf
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Contourf Demo

![Contourf and log color
scale](data:image/png;base64,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)

Contourf and log color scale

![Image
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Image Demo

![Image
Masked](data:image/png;base64,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)

Image Masked

![Image
Nonuniform](data:image/png;base64,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)

Image Nonuniform

![Layer
Images](data:image/png;base64,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)

Layer Images

![pcolormesh](data:image/png;base64,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)

pcolormesh

![Shading
example](data:image/png;base64,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)

Shading example

![Axes box
aspect](data:image/png;base64,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)

Axes box aspect

![Composing Custom
Legends](data:image/png;base64,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)

Composing Custom Legends

![Using a text as a
Path](data:image/png;base64,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)

Using a text as a Path

![Creating a colormap from a list of
colors](data:image/png;base64,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)

Creating a colormap from a list of colors

![Reference for Matplotlib
artists](data:image/png;base64,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)

Reference for Matplotlib artists

![Dolphins](data:image/png;base64,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)

Dolphins

![Demo CurveLinear
Grid2](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAAAkFBMVEVHcEzh4eHw8PCjo6Ourq7R0dG9vb3////CwsLc3NzHx8eKior6+vr19fWTk5PX19eFhYWenp6zs7PMzMyoqKjm5ua4uLjr6+uPj4+ZmZmnp6etra1fX1+Xl5fb29ucnJxVVVXZ2dnk5OS3t7dubm7p6enIyMiOjo7AwMB5eXm8vLx/f38+Pj7+/v7GxsaysrKxjxpXAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAABSFJREFUeNrt3YtuokoAgOEjgki5ekfFShUsU6S+/9sd3e1acZ05DZxsmO3/1yYdU9Lkc9CRIP3nHyIiIiIiIiIiIiIiom+QTa0CEEAAAQSQAAQQQAAJQAABBJAABBBAAAlAAAEEsGWV/3yb4zw3Srbdb/c7PadWfdjz9JuB5jG5Ka2Nvt7ddumvjul9R8XweMw1BMz621+NRiL5HJ3bKIqDm6J0czuMX38WHKPXeu7RrXWMbgapnoDb5bWtW96MlstAURxfVeLYzeLP8Xn4qyxy78qiWsntIEt1BzwTLr8OKM9VVAesDd10pj3g8g8D1gMQQAABBBBAAAH8WpsnANtUJNML4KgzgJotpF9eV/3qDBhsOgJYlnoBFiJNPNs8ptG2G4CJdkdjxmandmFXu/fCnseLCMsYAAEEEEAAAQQQQAABBFBPQPnZByrAV0XfCrA019JWfXkjRdvtUvp1eVwkt2Wy0xAwmo+lmeZJ+jWdrqW3fjP4/l8IKO0MJW8FYDtAZiCAAAIIIIAAAghghwGNoHwCsEVe/i4qAFtkZdszoOibHQEMYr2Oxnhenvm2mWajjgAKzT5os4vK9WUXHnRmF57qtQtXvs+rMMsYAAEEEEAAAQQQQAABBFBPwP1JmuKsj/VKkRJwK01PwGDyLm1YyHtTNN/LG8sfr32mI+DSmkg7yHsaKioG0oq5vIGWgBsV4JO0dxXgQJEC8A1AAAEEEEAAAQQQQAA1ALTMEMA27fdZD8A2VeIMuAw7A1hoBujFb/bl3Jix1QnANzfR7LoxZTIwbPN1eOjGDNyfTM1m4KG4AC678xzI4SzWgQACCCCAAAIIIIAAAghge8An+Vkf74qzPopBs9M+9AQcOaE0S9Fk0mjmqk4JedcS0FzMpO168hxFL/LH5EXxmLwIHQHXCsBeQ8AwbDSrQwABBBBAAAEEEEAAAdQA0PABbJPvZh6ALar8H4AnP+8KoFNqdm7MD0CxDvNuAI41u4pvtUtmF8Cp1RHA00aza2dtslHFLswyBkAAAQQQQAABBBBAAAEE8PsBmkYubSev55wJZbfnF3nWhfDxt5aA66KS5ynyFRmKFnm+kHwbUU9HQNUBm2Z+akB5hvuNAD0AAQQQQAABBBBAADUFrPwegG1aCNEHsEWDwM58e/3eGUDD0wvw1LeFYZvlOu8IYDHS6tSOKhRD4dlmcDA6AmjN9fqoVzWPz3tMl3Zhn2UM60AAAQQQQAABBBDAbwboPQb8ndK/M7sd/AULaT9vBmg8PwYMF/eA4d3bt/xmoOVZ+uvh7bs7a/3lDW8xq9y1H+F60e5uphpl3bPMP3/2tslMP8BpcHORl8NWTL54jZf6v1syk+Gj/7dUJOv7y+6ktUvtzFPz80I8g+yo4Qzs9Vedabr29QP8Bv1JQL/pFPC8h3cb9bs9v/r5KeXP4XXsXX7X0BzQEcJqBp/sHx1xXEblovaKle56pbi+7u/TsOpHH1uOSzHri1dPa8CgsKJGx2ZX5enRtBRDUVvZeWXoVVZ5HboTJw0mHwM76AuvtLQGjMKZaLLdm3DdB1PHc6NsdvcHbP/GKLYOaZh97LdhGZZ2MNQacLQax022e1ll4gGgkS3KGoifHRZifP1Nv3xzst0H4CRz/MwRjtaARuwumm05mTzas+flqOa6z6Iic69Pl0UmZuPy4ylxJNznw8NnApYxddW/ehnDOpAABBBAAAlAAAEEkAD8fwCJiIiIiIiIiIiIiIiI/qt/AfS8rh+JFbpYAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

Demo CurveLinear Grid2

![Shaded & power normalized
rendering](data:image/png;base64,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)

Shaded & power normalized rendering

![Frontpage 3D
example](data:image/png;base64,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)

Frontpage 3D example

![Manual
Contour](data:image/png;base64,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)

Manual Contour

![AGG
filter](data:image/png;base64,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)

AGG filter

![Matplotlib
logo](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAADAFBMVEVHcEz////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////19fX/////pGb/22bx8fH8/P37+/v////19fX5+fny8vL+/v709PTv7+/7oWP+o2Ti/37/pmb92WSx/6/49/f51mD5nmAmZIf/3mb8/v4xbI4saIsVV37h6e7t7e3K2eI3cJHx9feOr8H/qGfz9/na5OtGe5nn7vLQ3uWbt8j2+frq6urn5+cZW4FOgZ5nk6zs8fRbiqX4+vvj4+OnwM7E1d9jY2Bramg8dJSSk5HW19eZmJff39+r+aq0tLT/4mc/dpaChITW4ei2/7SLiYV2eHW4uLlVhaG/0dyLjo/l/39hjqgfX4TznmOenp3a2tusq6uhvMtwmbBvcXC0ytaJq76FgXl7fX3v8/anp6fek1+6ztnChVthXFSWtMWZcljc+XrNilyEp7ute1nPz9BvYFS3f1m9vb2vsLBOT03AwMGNbVfMzM2Adm6wx9ODbV/tmmF3Z1rT09TJycrf/HykdlbVjl3o/4DGxsfml2GsxNLDw8TszGFfdWT00mN0nLN4nrWPnGVYV1W1oFrY4eZ4cGeApLlrgmqqvWqbq2ah5J+jo6SDZE+QiXSVimaAimJ4jXd1e12Rg1SKfmS4zm6ql1mb2pmRypB9clBpbVdUYF/D23Om7aSCqoGVkH7N53aejVacl43lxl+Eelh3nbjV73m/qFzYu12kop19m3yKuoh6obZfh37MslxolYvFrFrhwl6Zf22/l1+p9ahkdqCjfWJ8ordlpJXSt1z29vfcvlxvz7mgkWB8+95ijfGVnpR479NQXXtrwq5otaNYdbp9oriQ1s5Za5N04sl//+ddgdNVbqm+pnGFobTZw3v/zzuNAAAAMnRSTlMAXzzKCiT7GAUBEC58T5ce21bV5OnQj/H379/ssPNyaUm4oMWdpqyItaOSu/XgwL68xSmYZ9cAACAASURBVHja7JrbT1rpGsYLiKAcRPBQ61k8VI2dBOMiwAKNCdmExZnCYoHlWGixGkOIKTRgLWyY2tJipB13p05ppzs2U280k2xvunvV+/kHvOrFTMIfMNf7+xZooe6p9nAhOu8FigJmPf7e533eD86dO0HFYHEoXUMjfYOjQr6gtVZ0ULWtAr5wdLBvZKiLwmExzv1d5VXHrKlnNNDpLCqHwh7iDg/2XqLxx5o6ywXsbBrj0y71Dg5zh9gUDpVFpzcw6muYf4tXBI/K6WaPDPQKac183phA0NTe1nm+tkw/oGDt+c629iaBYIzHb6YJewdG2N0c6plHEaIHwKOwuR1CXme5YCI14rNYLCaywDc+RF3x606esIPLpgAUAYh1Z1bAehanq2VQ2MwTNLWerxDIYtOFCYMhQJbBQIR1HkvFA863Ngl4zcLBli4Oq/4s+h5kj8rp4o7yDpTzWVY8Np3Oag0bAqmtRNacTufISqfN2cRWKmAIW606nc2zYvEd6Mjr5XZxqGePQyarkd3XS+NfaD/Qb8UaSCXSO26vCw8FjRimUcGKk7cqDWY0BkO4y+veSSdSAevKgYLtF/i03j52I+vMTJQ6JoSvm0trK2ngMAHwwgag3nbMFcJUTqfW6YyXlNuveJz8sQoLuWLbQENDGKBocpReoo3G7YYYMs8Chkx6I3v4UvOFVrR48aZwxr4HlDNiGg0WwiPemDu5lwNN68/nU6m8358HN6Chc3tJd8wbwUPwcUbcFduzZ8Km4mugrReaLw2zOXTm6be+BiqFSytOXASaXjiT3fEGVQCvuArDYztmuz8VBXx5SnQplSSlHsBoNOW3m3diOKaKg4ergt6dbCYMLREpTmYal0JtON1mWMPqHumg8UrNawv4025XENPAvkzmskC5ALE/JpBSdyolRbH3RwwRADpmc0nY7Ros6HKn/QFbqZF5tI6RblbN6fW+BmpXh4C8VrFjxUZs5dy4RquNY7jb7I+GPYjocIkVCumhHyKecNRvduNYXKvV4O7cFmFbcYjJXwk6ugCFp9ILmXTKUAdNQC4Yal0mm4wEAUG4d9vsz8CWtahFxxVQpLbAls74zdteHBAcjCSzGR35/FoBrWOIcvq8kFnDYFEGeFA9tc/kIbZ2I5C9YCznN3hQ0V/X/xdwX0ePwZ+LBSGHkd0twmPyQRFreQMUFuOULcoMDntAOEZmPo8hsecNYVgosmPPRwmdCRF9qYAiZEVHRPP2nQh8Pe9ewuAhs+GYcIDNYZwm86NzuM2QPtRnsUXNXsypVeHJBOEQHVmfFrAUJIlEEldpnZjXHLVZfBDo2mYuh35arLCO3jgyWjwrcIQTOy4jZgSelTLoLKJvI6DIYjWkgKeCF3btJMLkv6WVN9rSSK87Fe5Hp/Q1kf3m8BjsXo3WGXTbDSABf2R9KIp+qYDw2SaD3R10ajVeu8HjIF2hqY9CPwVOSKe0jJLDA7Hmc14weCN/JKIfdtkyCeTSrxAQ7tLRxB8RMJK9ubyuOExGWyj0aj9rbmgkkx8qNoX9bqNTi8X8Vt/Ho0AslSplV19elaJfISA8z7H6Y5jWaXRvhU1ilEyFjQ01VeyEYO1tGSWTnwM0GK7BXEl7xnpodOhfPn1ye3Zx8c7yBPJVAooc1ow96cJAuLYbHGQq7AVOyKxa/uiUYeh+KOIj0q64VhWxE5WDAwXwSa78dOfWs2u//vjj3ZvzXykgHChENqLSxl1pwodACJuGQayuTgYZPeyLvNI1uY2aUMyc2j892S/Z8i+Qvbfvf9/c3PjvuzePpV8toMgUTpm9IY3RXfpv8S6yexhVyR+VzH6oeoXI4k6t8c+MpxI+RKq4cXMWsPfD6vrai8n76+9nn34DAWFWz/xp1DrxLGFSo2QmpFYhg3RKPx9mPwtwv5DK6M7un5mUSrL89N7c7G/vVzc319fuv5i6vLT2+7Mnym8ioMgWAMyrQsAJIYSd/P5qm8Z1dQzKd+2QPwS4H8BvO1BxVoCKJ5afLAL2Nh6tvZ4cJ2vp/ub1N4VvI6BIbQlsAwiBE8JpXNv+HYVRV00Q1lDZF8nwrPMng5pgLButaF/Zy5tvZt8C+B49ePVi8vLly9PT4+NTS5sP52SHtl2FQiz6kvJEszHwp5N+HRmqL7Kp1XNOWFfDYhezs2cLDF/jbqYiNyOyG/fuXnu4sX5/abysLo8/+vWW/hsRSCbrzK4RjOMt8pyxlseumpNWJoPTIqwl7c8cUWli5gr3K9z4173Zt+9WNx/cX5ouslcScHr94a15ZXG+iGG2hiXR6+Xgi1QqFiMI+rlOaPZqVBEzaYS1wpYeRnV0MaOHS57Zm4g0plXFoitl4Q5Vzt/5HtK373xlBE4/+HnxpxkE6AfEK0jkMtnEhEwxM6OQyWRySQGI+LkSIp5MTKXF0gSZntq4VRFnmIzG/mbYe7r8Nh437uTL8VPcWJh7+24D0Aecb7pSwOnxtY23CzcmpBJQ8mJJCrKZmYnSXQlZBYCjGDk2hPltYxzfzuvgM5r7Gxknfytp6Okn37DUbbnjzuBuWF0GjeTxm39C75ucGj9UU9NTrzbfzz29ItMrJkrEAaWUen1BXCJyQqEHpZDJldLjooiqw7tBZ9y9ZSPf/Ow/8QwC/vr45PJh9xo1LnOg7OBg4vHC3PfPV9cP0Tc1NTUJC0TpxQW9UiJRFsUDhUr1eiX4CjQEnghRlJVoLBxTRV/A7NIYvcW1hN930hls6OnrhJcVNruA/fltH64RlbycvX7t+YMXh8wPyPcPsl6DKH1H8skpjMIFRimDKCrkSvExFEQRWwIYocschnc6+040g9D/IH8rhBnXGGN+64frmHm5MPdsY3X99fh0BX5F9qB8k5MgSl+7LTkqxqCIWFmQw8ECQAQYHq2h1R8zanAzAcMU/0T7IAP4H8wvRBrXYrvRsreLZP++ff3h6oNDs7cE3+TkFLTFpUcPb00cJwei8BinIAMcypRHK4iYoruYFk8T5IeFT7AP1vdwP/CXjNrKsx90vwevpw7TV9KvGKVBErxS6Wx/GaRB2FHKSwHnyFa2RZMkgzDO8Lk9J/QDhTWslrYifyGtMR0wfVh+59/cvb6x9uKj4Vukr8jefpT+YXG5gBx3EwEckhgqCkdRqDZFc8Z9BttaTuZOwqSyaeRxHMlfxla2+d6Bw/c12DsqJgdJX5l+xSj9ywzyGascnCigjvZCW4pkkDyQpLGpJ9AG6+qL+y/oX8Bf5qr8oK/m55493/wo+5H0TX6E5PT0q9XfFpaln7MLoxBDuV4/8UkvRMXyqxnIIDmLwV58Am2QTrkIFHPo7C4Nlgzo5Er5/iXNz/3n5/8xc3UxTaRrOCKgRRGJwrL+rIm7Zo+77mpKZibt/JSSTNJQ6rSAgliglB8p0BAg5V9+lQosv1uqhBVFYRH1gu1JIBA1DQk3hESyFyQme3Uu3KRX58rr834zpZ22M+KeC8rc0FiwM8883/s8z/t+099nRfRD7BNWb1gWyRxy/efDHPtPmwk4SyLrzcoGFBxOhr7e2qfPLim8fhsQ/NfB6w8ePXT1NJ8/rAbTSusNnFBxmH/IxjW3Vf02FJSPiNoXDHMvhz86mlX/uBsDLGQhwKjU0mJCqTFOReA3WldMBusT1N46ffXQAVvER2K+O4tq9ROLSdeB9JdiGcbPQbq77sFTSL+ZAe2VYJ8A4OzCx5lB+v9pZ+EshqGMR0nyj2FYCmlxh85kuY/U7ex3B+whEzAw8SjALd3N7qjg/R+qTAIHcXV318xT16ywhjMkil/g0Lx0uUObql/cD0QkZBiSkOQfzWsMnlPRkX13CYW6eDAzB8nAxB1P+QpO0NifX1zSe3O3c4UBB3lGkItdy2BjMjIF+sniJ1hp7gsAJFRF9iJfBNMw0GM8tBJSwD+M9ROzsbekOL/fCL9xPuV43IExM0dBQNLgFEtz9XdtuQVlAYtBc4zAQd9kw7Ox4c689GDqkDwywUo3lH9BEiHtzV3NdjbCW9OoEobyj/Hzj+8sFOTadKbcUvj3NBCSg9JfjU2+fIYXkBYQkErxzQ/UQa7O8XRsoZPnnyx8SIeH3Q01LLUngPbmP53VPdOT9tCJCVrGpErkCQP1b/eoBCFpeYWE5Mzl5ANCQUVSKhrAERUlOt1S442Q2x/gIPO6ye1amP0M+wQAJ546XhcRewGITzu83vV7VU1dj7nwSogxwXwcyj9+yN+4pNOVVBBoVJeadDDwi0u+yifgPhCQJ2EFSA0cFC6gHMqga0iTnv55ABfG3k3VsHsByPZUedc83vV154fmyXJaLL24CkyhPx3DkmaYMGHGn4CQ9PGdmWsHYwOh4hC//8rYbzNYfymIiFq7WqyqGaxyD3dm7AEgWOmuRd9eADK1//Zs72xvrXqW7z0Y7FaFFkIVJqhxUH9DQt0vVoOt38jv3ToIbjA2LvVUvBIfgATCV+cIE8FAWcdxgiUn25bHhmf3ABBZ6Tr68wBSqu62kbX2Fy/mt1c96+uOnkU7h4cUDgbzETggGcE/fmKca4JEMpCljD+VGn0lBgX+MR5N4CzFtpVKXCruo2Wkxhif+fGb5bcTn1/D6Z1gpd+InKCa4yIAxLub33tXtS+02vGd7Y1Vb1VT7TQZWggBQnWwfIT9eeWKrdgCbpCK/zH6SpyQfBEUOOvWaL2hI2IB+zGAFUUyGKFm5hqeuRY6Mz8HILLS1RyFZiD84eM4n/CKHwzzfCJe175f29K2a7XAwvGtNe+687/T3RghVmOG/0xpD44Wcf3oLQgkJy8mR7s3GJd6Og38VWG+zjQ6QMi0nNBsksUpwtzctixOxVJrWIOcIAGhQjg4s5kTXmGkjyX4bivRc8+zsYMARMf4DpTC9arqx0yoGJvNpEyPq2xg1KTLLwS/mnY6NbpdBcWRxGtKYQGbliple3YCgHDlkIqfSczUg9O5jPSMhyMPakAGeMwwDA3WdwGk0bgOuMnU3vFsj2v9B7BwZ9Wz2fRhsYjERdFYHkBwg0smWMSoN3gtMarbFWITT5yE+23sNxkslQMyZwtaSGIc0gLKZ0ep+KUMBzN4mw1Weo5jCf/Bcv7XaDaMRsMMY65pu7M2364NHvOIhMsNPc8D/gf8H0ZymFyMHqi0GEy8Ep88kRgbTQKiDEzlIAUezZHrZfogC6BMggSRXQQEhzs1UuQTujSaibfOR3Z15O4sYQgCi7r7kWOdl5DA0d7ePr66WeVopkXChT7TJzctyRlFSpxDKb9OOR49CiqOHrt0Pp4qa7TctX2qzJJ5UoZEcU7QYkCBed4GqXg2jIP+0bAG5WSw0iIqiWwMhQbsBKGa63rn2ZjXzosQ1L5o3/J4mwaxXf4h/UVaTMrsjcuq/GS7a2kso+LPXzoWte2rYGEOoycvX+VLWOhANQcu4Lt+EPigmnJCKtaEwReYj/BWuva1St4HsnVOz+rW+DwcIg7OA4COOlLgn9//CZ9NySpx/iv0PMnh6D3bGZt86RTKRpZsXW5pmbSA+EhSRVCBy4Kf5tdOt2tIZGb88xENkhC/lZ4i5QH0dSEJmZ8fh2MXwvbx7bVNp38exfLWna8eKpKUmdiVlfbrsi0oeZ66FKWmgkKR9P3JK0q89FeTvuW+TAFUwxX4w4AQ7OE1B6n44VBG2OoVWWnXTBcjByBFFEEKAQkWANxdydur3ntdXGgTDX0k3D+ZPr/yfove9Gsprjx/8vukaGz/VSgSYs5dobJyjNbiktFGGQOjgiqEiyIWQkPdXTfjfuhPxX7lEDVpNLMud7CpGg4gzk06NnkJETgokBAkpGmqRh1oX1CBZ6BIRiVjZhpHS4qtxpys+CvnYhKiUQVjj32TAhfYWGgzCM0Nqb4xifmosOY6paTs1XfGJmYD9AvTZGSli+QAVNdMvfdutAsavLuMd7Y8d9r4cWiweeH/SB8GJUTayhj7DLbCRngz5ZuoTNoTLqB95GUV1mx9ocxD034BCcvFSiU91zXzdjg9U3I6nJc5PNLQjcsAyD5q8wgxDgHIs1Cr3fDOVE9joe0zUahjZXbMFOqzrRVQu0+fuxCFQKdI+gF1YQr+yNZ3tMo4QFjAEf1BjiYoiplsuPP7UKdGaryZlzfhbpikcWkAyTfLKMYFPTQgCALSMF2Eh9a/4JZ2RiXjBls79Nl/FODKtFM/JCn2vQLGxpxLA/xaSwwtwpMEkQmExOjwm8+PeNRQyZodM2MTmgyp6XDewm/OR+VqaQA5kJCdoH+ZBy5urYEDLFKHjBDEnKUxUjqRXK9oMZS0IgTPxez7t80IHrDMmGsq/nRT8tF9igU24BL9QeCgEodU7Ha9lJwOZw6BlZ70SQGYpe5uGAlNISAg6021c2pp/vF1g+FYSvrZzr+LTbnGsqh4wYTEEz/BKfRa9bZeyS8sQfWOlnKxPAcpsoZv8WfmSXel/9xt8IUCSNghxu1KiBDidjY8m22Pi0Brg2PUMC9PS/cFlVk3em16ay/c/jMnEve7Ch45fvhrJVX6l95kke7CqMHESt54XotZnJuuhVSskWLg7PBH5xQjBSBE6fdrW+3togSy4fHCLxNQLUL1V7wUwMxLL+JKi0n/dykk4m/3e7uRIu7y2Xjq9i1rcUvhTRkFxmQMGPKDHE2bJ6ufgZnJy5PoSruWuzgpAFWDTZ6NbW0QQEFAygmKZDiR/wtfDJiMEt8sbCm23oJEfPbi/vYFFUdjfoYTu/6q3tBnlPSAuIoj5TdLcUUcrSSaIRVPaCJbW5rZh+42swSAFFe9uRbsBAKQkECq3jBIa+G/lN3hBu+qcDkvWP8EZET58/4+ERt77AKY6NutK3qddB+aYGUWsJDvGM7M4MryaYcbzEx6OIRCVzoSQEpthxQyLmohgIA4B5/D9bOcmWNkUxtaxKzkaZaO6vQrrVAFU/b3S8sSkk+cgfs32qLPvy9jYUi5PoiSoBmS5DgICORgFUrFmZH7E0Ye+K20GEDCvNiwuSqSkPEtz0i1nUX7JzmOJBmakN94hEkv4vv1+pbRASQj+zodAQn5SqksWMqu7zNKn7NPln+EDy5GjdwZhdf0ON+6OiX2J7gfPGbw8Mdd2cnBd56NgIS80G54nG2PaHgDAw1Rsxgp10Cl/sfbtf00la3xqEec8ZIzceYcYjzHE/QMZpzMPGzp3unu5SjNRqHAdhSnwrQIWGnpJeWStopIiwpFUEaRa7iMAio4kAoSTmzKJdwSDQlyCZfEGPVhJmxjcv6E861NL5au/eAD3Y/tC/vXb63f5fvWghKxHPabU9cLkq+fI4jobZGkkS+3H9wHLiT9Usqla6nYTU6uYQU2JBK5U9QfQUOPlNZU01r7IHw+odWFRoekUuTNaP+NPBKLdeD5qyAHL3l01hatlKAkLGrJoZkEoXFzwV0w9Rq8RHoSEbXvYOQ6nEAhMVEElfp7Xkp/Oi7J1zQ1N3eJBGrBZ63QviQhuR5Te+vtDUQSn1b96H0VlCDDoSF8CcPQ/MyayKT3zCwFM+jnyIEwBC0S8fstbx2FSpCRybChwun0/pS831MpIiomcjTyxc494ELO5t5LvpqBMyHSNqvNtdrJYoaWpVTA3KNlxdBsfXHNnQ19uvj4J43v5+0a8IIiFh13lXE0TUpJTSGfBAYIZMxlaiPW608aCC8oISkjwUuZXzKuJt/LPQtuZM/OLyLGwQf2wm93MUuZ9xt2uVj0HaMjVlNzGysNUzeiwOwUX4MMay9sf1R7NC3k6OETkNJerb8COXTclRNpuoBCfBrwynFwIHpTPQt0JQ/wPeIKsfAixu+Cv+Upsy7COtobuVALbBxwcHaFKq8E50LEzlXdi8G5Bl27o03NkCF3ilFyNrhNIU/CUGZ7YcOj0tAR/gcgpQ1mguSPuwI9oIkrTVuZa8xPIeBAPGM2O8nXX1C9kBwrdMWCVGgXzM3JU1VkR9TO7Tjw/X5Cei4rWXUvHfMXmZtnF6dX1gbn+Crs+WTaT0pzok97tVCDYpnIXGUDMcO7Yn9r8wRIaVCCPhIh0RF2mrUYRjwzvgz/4SvPuNWuhboShehN2A85vBqUMiIZVmmn/1eVnAU8vD/mQKR4ePvf0f3tReczc7BBVpd1cnpNkR+38HaiQTdk6NUGFCHwZOhLgKZmaaoNXHEjIhJ/f+TY0aOgBM2hOlDuRTaOj6DBgUyN6arkICnZUPVMMjIJvtDW+yPYUCsn83wRulU+YmMeu2Kjo8jsW3kpT3E2jrTrF9f6EvPzExberFdhWa+Z848ZcaHyGnYthtO0mTr4iD/Q3EShaqURQRMEUFOMbNx6Bo0IxFFPStEmSoZKZk6OjxQQjbAM1s49TSm4dZOMio7dFSEAtx4iiAtFGcqrZ3A3F4urnk30JcahJzGu781ch05vbTJz6EwWEz7sB7KGpemmSuSKjwXy/fi0xx2VPWg7CwBIGitrEIUgAJdmxmpMThkFfjuMdGnBXjDSgrhjJNlnriozii4QxKGtkRGBO7aADz59qz9ZeRHTDJY5HS/n3Pk8fvn5ij7YCydGoQqbnHI0GERifCrDOO3WDhTx+wNqPpXmp/D9AFKaFtf4VDfqxh2/OzUwVtgkoyU4v4060Xg5LZWxMpzIuXBRmfz6FvDw37ZE5Cz2zq27vwIOzshRqm5h/kxt0/ziYAIPoO9xr02/0OldzZ1abMCFalAsL9MPNwYOM/mltCwIoKxndWRgPQm8sjTw0mo3A0FjZTN8jmdi+KnwNHJLpczJAB7+KiK3G30JIuZr8MF/5hVk4XywcXX241tFAECowri+FVSFsyaHpZPFvxgjAyIZrnsQ9CK8lJYHARRVudZtXPdxcCA3vEZWLBbIe2jsYC/6gpNhg9VTWQUFfwIP/xAZIbPjX//4Brir5OT6PQ4bnx7r6OAHRWJc6ONeGVx8qbNV1cvx9k6tNZpqhh8HZtDjH9T+4apSBwFUF/uSwG5EIIYeVq4Wsm2URIL3IyQtw2YyRWfOnyxJ5dubkRAyf+WTGBAxJVgRY9dPrPWFAghVmOj+AFU4OWuqsneqkzAAspqW4vY7t/0jM/Gl1Y1DBo0fQCntBBfCC5ilmYEhU5dWzgoCSILuxu6CaLPgsEKmhBcy0Yd2R+LkyPYjSAWeUqVcv5yNadSUAQfHYR5FQt+H5YkO3Q1HFxt+3pdl1dp6Q03rk8DITOltJKV9AFJsV+VL5EKu3J3yjNuaGE6tFr5vAtheRH0GD2dfvp6iOhUxJbj92+iopNPlP2XeKwpPEmi1t2bCnR+OX2KiQuF+tzw9MTkCVVj/6WEkvukDjkRrqbxfV/ufNF8qjUJVP4BcJ9i4GeBg3oGUOWngA9S0EpqJZfFHPMHO4RqFvxTdy/yp/HRSVPS3kQBwVwy6bxhU4K/Z4e1MeaepYzohH1uBCYo4hXvh7eiQTm9q0YQsLHgtmmM7LdaGOw/ifTRS22CrJ1GgCljILYYBz6sr3Q9fTY3rytT8mBcJLkQg9KYEaETKYRucSdm/XlVeQ7czx0RASv8FyeizuRXJJ3Eq0GyfXRxUYABUAICwGSYqFt5OTyyOzHvtbVom2P/kk2p1p/fG/dvVfI8ElOCwrZcl1wFUm4Y8M0tXupcQgXSJOZ5/hbuVpEyCPXotJGQuXDyZXIEuyTsUAR2zA2WBN8ufJitx3ZB6x8jHNxgAAb4EhWIdSffCm4+LOl2xXctXsN/OSimG7QFXXFeatq4EW10WJ0OIkKgzgwtBM4EzYzpHp5bl+KARGWmZgGvj8DRCMTLsfenlyuSn5TdRJrj5NMz347KvlShVuJGiFtfo8rswEQMPwk8RsCdv/FVoFgEMPjknJWlziwGdzIYaBCX46P1qlwQAJElJvQ0opPvhlKe90q4W+fMDKbJyJL6JJMJOR4OQwQYKl1XKkmvZyIts/hres3svyOiK8wUlOBlt0U+suOMS8TvgJ+vZ3bc2PflSV9hsBCNHBftNajvvitOQEmz8A0lpiZygzXaeQpYG9MUWIxsUebCIOepzaASNeeCYJ7ek4HwFSOm9u/dsuhHZchiMXGp/gaoflwWW1Uz0KYQoJFQYrg1OLE7OOpp7jQFxLSVoY5Wrg+8Vx5fW1rm8akIiIiQt/xsBCkFjvFVG9SfDasLdSlKAh4F5cEowvV9V0A+q9qvDWza9AnejoaLULOUlnA8hvc+wImYDgP4qXBmEKqysCh5qICiZuUzfga4YjD9R3XjfoCUkEkLtdXmm7vocSIjJ4Jn4s3hYxoqxXuSSMisVmbkDmw7g4e/ACf+cczInIxUjVL3P5oQ4eGNhoipcGZx4MTm7auly+ronUinTZmhvrXvik9JmBKDWOv78FXIgBruZTgrBhcMHCmDnRNhQCwGI+Tg1A17oZ4L4+rvDmw7gkVgEIN7I0VqHDgeggidhTGEmuBdWBkc7dJWONklg8XU6dMO1pcfS4mtrbE7YAykjUMjdGXAgFs3GYVMadAmFFzIcll/E2M4Ib+YQgLFHNh3AgzHfQMmrMrPKw4/WiIwgowUAVChw9iQxLuHD8tyLxRGHpcep5qEgRb2FQ8gVx9c23OiSyNXaJtv41JJnzOXopDf+1xsU4TNYNycTY50eJxdjKvNceVamqgjd1/3vTQcw9sf94IQLMnFOWNMzj5XRioCICfsCsHX3vVv+OKSzmXrXTTKpbTHohquPHQMpbXGqzU3oaBc4EK9TTmKmwOS4NSkVUoKMCHfsAdxwZgGoiv0/xm46gN9v20eQuXmZrzH9EHPT/OQybg8UAjCBtyf5cQt8Fc5beoxo1pnSWGwddY9PVN9pL2tTO72uAY9noL2wB7f4kBaU4seJsPTCSHAA3jz1OjMvlyT2bYvZdAAP7f0ncZaPEsL/KZfz/9RdW2wT6RV+i9RXdqWqK9E+9HWfvGRGHl+IlAxxWJapilbqlvHDClNbMx5MZ7FdWQLbaNiM1zBzXAAAHsJJREFUTOON0tjYDs4FW0FmHUetoygtBmSIQoJFECESkCgXqkUKJpuSBKRweej/j29x/NsBVrn4SEhhlMjJp+8/5zvnP+eM/979+TIMRFVo9uWeg4j8ZB6kJwJj1cFue4eTv9Ta09P+38dRmjXf/M+/b94xRrXIzDeNjsNKAl2RIZBH+2tYTvj7UdnePb/fcgD3fPb5wW9//PL0kcOlqXDIde/+7AcAmH8OhWHf/P2xseEJP2RhbcgFsuI2IKX9nEe88y8YQLKpM67QciEPl9+kQJYRMgT6LQaEXI6IOscOHzn95Y/fHvz8sz1bDuAnn9Zgh8/CWgyGyoRHntU3vS+AxeIGsnB2ZNgg2EycohaKmd6WluvGYFR037lpTniozN+tZq1GUTCG6XwrMbqzt8zSLSKtSqPedgrrMYexmk8/2XIAf7235th3PxzSnEW8Vi/C3Bh49LEASiycHZkEwtAZ9YRNzGD3hfZu0e8U4m6LM0SRKgpwL+xzMuJKSnQ51gkZ7P0BRJcTlF+f1Rz64btjNXt/s+UA1tTIjn5zRKM5jphtiJrRpYRyAG4QN02QhQ9mBwALeVfQB8TMRbeBsekDBoZVykgu4jeKBkF4+u7duzVzJH8mVchmjjIAYoQcVU44eFyjOfLNUVlNzZYDCF3uH77XaLo+oBbzngBCYXjyJLwFHZu8Z3Lyg93eeNxiibt5Z0jniJjsNnFlZWXt1du3b9cEX0HxoaZDPhBAWZdGI1UEZTsN4PyDXwKgVPrv73s+O3BjUBAEvTsQiLv1FqfPCfyesPYUYPc/ydb0pnWIIAGsLQMgWnlvL4B/+YdGc25rAJRYCO/wbk0OSy+bCwTcgjHBG1KBlZV3r7L4vV2J+9eNNMrfn4GyMo2W5zSn/ym9eGc7APxjWQB5cIT3vTeAyAQZpHdN9bBUA1I8d0CyeEqfAkd3Dfi+V1lbCTgLdQNKgYoWFLKVqNzV5rlDX/3tz3/aTgC7lBhebBjeIQUREF03mFTPr6/8uAA2CCQP+vr6Hg3cygAYB5ZaWXv67mnBVgwmPPP5BKmm1QReYmmaViEew29XlDzFsK5DX/31+20F8DgpVxebXG2FXQkHIDAbrL//AML6DxQeZzBsaoL1mfmBkfu3JsfuZAlosJhtNrONsa03e0StyC2H0tLqUqO06MfIb1eRx3cAQFUJgD4A4KMDaKwqW38foN2T54+ezc4/HBj5+cbwoFs6u/F4IG4QGZfJajL5nX5TznxhLgsgQIRGIkVrKTSANIUCULONR1gKIl1YfsNa1jAimumLQRzVMme4vgkKl5P7crQb83rHJofvTUwYeQMAEMRhPQgkcctjVqWmOYeOzhlVm8azn58GPpAoNVKdW/tWbGm4t2Gj4VjXdgaRsjIGZiLPs7lw/fp/xdGiSYoUQDUD3knMezSboV2nYBBEHpxWhuH18bjAMABBdzyuN0cpTEaqlGVad5EVwVpkLgx3yexeHRhmUJ1ZRQBmKHdSot2TZxnajWVo99hpjXocnMdktEDe6c1+1icE4noB5nJ2liSR3WwYKVd9kA7caQArpXLhirkwZB0Msv39edr9nKGdwcIzCVOE1anlaYo1geQtENDzVk7lsYAvGAb83+Dy6MqUV6oslatUTCgHIBA2TSW0Gxsbvn4d0s4XCYZYTkerMCXl8dt4PhYIpERXUKvW+ZKpgNAREQNur4E3cUgAq62YUKmcFTSWlrMg7UCQlfxd3tt1Dhr0kHZ2fwerVeVnPHRhF5+CZuBdrFymCvmnYnFLSGcf9HoDXsbHqTDEZHyVlbMqFVQ99nsj+YJq3ts11YPkNke7yeHr0NuZAO08rINltQoi6wuocMLMz83NxID3c0m4Ur7H48mYGNWF/Ib4tdZu0R4tbRGuuoJqpZI+61xX0q8/kHF3fQ8A7aQYa4C0Mxtd1jCrzXZmZeeWCBXFRe1iKjYDEASHlaXgyg+dkxkfH0qaHGqH2dvae83baQyX0KrqSvoVL5WsE7ceNuVoV/B2edpFw56Qg9NSOT9OZhN7XYedF+cWXi7MxGK8P+ygSZwk8BCTnJ5OJhNRmo4aB6/1XmjtNCcc1X6pVOlak45MTI6ABK0/Q7sBmFEY9JK3S1ghLCVXauo0Dtnne2FJxeZeLr6cEcQEB9iHw7kcjzg0PTo+9cKkk9MR0XvhcvvFS51+XdHl3Edca+I7e61Z6WJdwRq9tx4+lDLZseEbGdpZO4C7A2GWRmw0UOK4wmGV2Le6urowM2NzRRx0rsneI8RGr05P2Zw6jNA6m7t7W9raL3baouqqvliv1NqB6x7rx3K0E+F4UjC7pB0nkbWlNKXzmBghFVtYXH69OqcXnSECyw27YUFD7PaJ0XE+oQO+K+S0XGrpudzudRuDdP4Ufkxrh3JnWzsqNhepTJbmCYl20N1Bb5elHSZH/d4ka2JE6PsWXy++nJvhE1GOUqXlmcQCV0SFoasNt6eTDAewrmWZwdaW8+eBI+SdIdUvaC6S7Whz0a9+W6m9TRm02/0+D7exB0NZKipASkCxfpshNQPYt7S8OhMT7ByJkfn5aVJnsiSvNlydHuKlwCGHC98uN/a0XXQ3O9lMY2U1trf9rmKDpdYTArQr7cEg1NQGAGs9fiPPS+xbXl4F9LP7HHJCVXBdtR5Xcupuw0+jMQubbZmB22t7etrah0XGylVssMR3b4Nl5RZfoszsBgCQKCqJ0B4Xr0/NvHy9tLT0enFOb7F7cLgvqiDeaOuLqem7pxpGYwZPVmrb4Z6exror7ZcMzT6KkFbcVluL7yZN5niZgftin0SGTDn2Lb1ZBtFXNFpZtUxZNL+qc9nGR3+SAAxntxiFXJ3XLpzZ33i+pbW72R5ME2Uixa5uMq885gDOIJITGJBlBQFb67SkJPa9eQO831xMbwwpivaXSJ1KQEbfPnGq4XZMiGaPHcbZ3K2Xexrr9re1evV2h5ZGL+LY1WMOlQdtJF2GFLakolAJoBkA36KEX0b8BWslkhb9KCsOjd5taGi4PWSx0tm/WtXBdF6Em0OBngGK0O+QV9+gTXbU6yx61AvurUyjC8fr4rDWnFpYlugHvJ9g88HMmCjmn0wWBDK6AQKYFP2O3FsG6DDvbu9pbKyru9JyLc77dDhWbaNelYcNpQk25WZhRO0S51aX3ywvAu/H+IM6eeZl1UXUxSNARp8CAF6dSrryL1shtC6xu/18XV3dGaAIu/lEvkureoYNK4+7KsstXsRrCzulSRCCZxaXFhdiegYOv5IKCr4+pWh/icIHZLQE4PiU3ZeHiQi5QEYirfc4c77XLRjDpc5ul4+7bjJwXS43AGEkL/EwymMDAnoOeL8wfIEArqC1dHGxNM1BGQ0APHF3epxxFoY7qRBjaG27AvfLnMk4whBWXQPXm4z8k2r0m3iUcKllnhdquz4VE/gOhTI7sU5vUN/qoCs5flcCcHTcbOfWfYC0ORQCWPfFmZbuS4MuLXawmkb+N1k6AYUM2gER64rsRNhusyWiutzANbSiAKnNymgAIMiGbY6iqmOzV9qRsr/uiystvd3NxuJC9W5fOrHJ2pNyQkZaPJaHCFNz4f9Td20xTaVbGCaiMuMFRuUYHZPJZMw4mZOMabN309suITQSBWoBD6ggIBVKWyCDtKiRAmOV23AJw6WdFiitoQEJ4QmbQB94kpwTfD/6SuYkPM3TPJ+1/n/Tbsre3HSmdfvgDVu7+P611rf+//8+Gj6ysNQKwOc2FaeGFdpG5zZuLK+Fm63CFzK016FyaDZgMCe7byQy8GSUE/qRJrfsScoewjuoZypxi1coicPqyytU/MfC/o+MkNWx/YqOJ7SNhgACG3YFY98GlUKNXgbjThTaykZ1CkyE0RuLyS+8k56+u/STZB2WlH7iqw4w4ZiQxCjfRuc2NgIXMU8ILmhyBq7BMjDURyOIstNDeIhaFV3AB5R+Kvt7pZ9S9hIfw30ylYSAmpj4WJR/aFTYDGop5SPDVAzgRmMLBHCWWvxAFkOcsko3ehngIgYMyp3DSI29DdQL+hMQH9tD/k5gA7TjXpaI/J2g69EoNhkehfN1C6QLBAS2LIddXqzRRB6FQaVeTfmsfWDGKecxqJseD5ibm7hPRf6OCDDKJAUY0etcvIyICDBu579ImQGDenV5k5m20YjA5VVXk4nR65VawB8luaqKTlRtJJb32fIced/IkN/eOaFmtdpPQIBxDwlQIgMvJcIdLwG6Q32cVeiVjGliBafRuY0AwEYgc47eCRPHceqYrC0bXOkKjOuIKQ5KvulCQ4E6ixVe8BOQAN1DhFZys1u2Q4SWE4EqZjqTt3317TJGr3EDAvh2td1rUuKZgthXG0Zt5qHQtJyIDspLSpzDM5FJMlaUeOckEqHdSwZZko3skEGWUL/XmJqwjaYB3EA2/EdrhWb7XWGNyo2MRB7D4Fy/b8AhfgIpyWSQ9xTiVijFL7/ItgtxM4yUXnxDO7bRWwgkbNi084ua7IGZOR3FYHZJiW5uPOK3945WiGbAZBLihjq8uxT8bmYYAil4cdEX/LhW0kbn8n3gRhwbjrKZ3jpf/xzFIEqHXpvuGxkzW7xa8R5QWgr+4d8sBb8PM4LNuOmoEIJbZgSS+IM22sG30ViFcxvj2XD0y2yTvnEnrF6qXQuBDM34Jy2t1s0db5pkZgR72mHomT3tMLRS+IPPi8NUGj9EYO76Wrg7KHbMoME24OvT8fK/GESdc9gXcMTDNfnsMD6CIYtBSruO1Ic6vgskCAQILrgmRL9P7m7/DAod8QGEajw9DrSkd2KbmUTyGbJ8BEsgqX6NTOShjV5v4QG4kZsLZK7upWioK9AUx5mDlMRJ8iBqX47465pnuf1kwIRZAkEZ+UBTKk56icu0HZ2Od3wAyRJuWV6omxfNqcBIXP7+OcKKaSXJKdGFRiJ+S2sHE2thks6UCs3BP8wWTStpGorHDNvpNJoEEBG4HDa7xQ+iKoLtXf5xJ7Yy12g/KM/RTQ/PjLl6g5uxBZx0tmiHN+Yj5pB6vG2gVkqIoJo80EZvCHIgYcMV4jEwTNjMvtC0jujwUyH0EjmWkq6VWeovKWnMxybSmE9gDfm/A1tDwh/j6QsDJx7BjvZ3dBodzYHr71Y7rWqJvtLtoIVEvsVJUHdrrt9vbiZ7UZrktIY8pDkpGsdzeg3fD3J43mPnZwvaV98vNwramJb1t6srL0VFvFlWQxTziClOFIM5OfK5EZ/f3mRlZAqJMVaCzUnTD2+Py8NSwyoAhIwICF+6wsDjcgU5cP09smHRgq42cBWddRFkJEIMynXTod/9S09GcY8zCe1xUz7AoFkj4Mwc+pnFn8acN4e32mg+BwKZs3SKkDk80cApZKNEw1suxCBW4+GZyNJ/563lEkq1RYMJNWg+tEU4K1yAuI7jM6GiNdZG8zlwY+39O1uHyAkEjsBLbW0fiCAjoZYuvCOEHBLhUMDR2SHewiTcIvyQJvWa+G6HgZZQJaB1CoMn2kbzOZCyYWvc4FWF80Tan6i83f6REDGDEGJQPtcfGbN7ggaxhinRJvXpkAW/y/injK3+1Xjj0XNJ1hbdHxHmPyEIVZjGBLLuamtvrI2mOZCy4dG45McZIPJ8DTK5n/Aa3gIM4nxmeCTgsnjF6s/zRzeMv1azsksZ351OT0AAcRFnXj4DH2WqKj+vuLpGJrUXTFUnEY3ifIDdhJWoRBSSaJTPQxu90SLMgQjBsOtlrPIq0OiL42K7AyqThzCS7RjEYPYNBSZtXlP8iKum+kVeftUUvMCZy5lHUhLz0F7weuGr0oL7v5TJJPeCEV14sEMpsdtJVyPHt7sNnj/erjVuy4GUDc8KSxFd97H9PFXQhoykRIhB0lo754aHlrpt1virNb/cLyh9VXg9IT1gbKTwxeVLRzU1D6va6v+svS4xvFKjcTytv9LzF8UmQ2HIskHbKk6jaQRbMAe25La0rC/UueEvUaiBgI+JP0lsmAVG0kf96SgGiUVYdk6Jc9wXmOy0GoTp93rtn/VtVQ+BBV+6/MXx9JRERfDYiXP/kGmK7lTmGweLJGMDGNRzEnRKgELVJjpfK+e7w+/W1iFm9Mmlv1oPm5vKtVizDRw6RSriG3AFA4Xkd2oGwdM6Ol2Qy6f7RnxLzW5hKSkaNOZX3ikCFnzuxLGExQ+y4MlTGfDpb74wFlTV9khNpxiDmjHsgj/BrjGnVc42h4HJrb2BZxl+kJ/evFkLmz0mTovnOqSs9xpWuvwzvE0nnQ/yxaRE3oc3xIKxCVdPbVWB8QUO0zNOnTySuPgBBE9eJTszVfeMi7VS4z+Vuryc0bOyPSMIMGTZBo9lNbyw8O+FhYXw1rOw8J/fIICQ91Qi4Ntq2ys85ghfSGIOfzSeczOBLkEnXrtovFdF9sOunkwkANFpOOvseahpd0rzjOKz6VgANbJ9PYy1td3e7TKbzS6Xgz4u+J3ryTy6OOz6IkH7Es9I4gJY4pwJ2D1bAazpGTTmld6BvuH82ay0lMQ+n2d+cwFy8u3BnwqeSlRiFbTKO/mG5KPQlps6rMHRidl5r9vd6vG0ur1ElsKg2ut7oB5tH4uEdLElrOOXMDTU5s4KpaAC/zR4G6pexjeZnyc4gOlpqT8cpYu4/nUtKz4X5FQQRO2+MRi99cQYIJYdJgOj2uc/Uc07AuN918gmEy0iBIPO/qGl5tgJudrX9bCAb8lkR39ITUtPSTQE07JwKtODlbi4WvRgL/R/LPYpStWBAkhyorK8XKlg9/1PTE32wNBcNr/LqSP7THJnKDJmi96UkFUXYwXuuS47fyYr7UhKwp/jqV+dwQ3WF/Ui7TTgj7+/Cv0gcJIDghAVnBj2AF9+FxhJoH+az340kM7QSMDh1Qtb6HpSgc98lXo8JQmetEysxD23n7XlP53aMf/b6v/wlD6jVrIHDSDHKQ4CWn3QMukb552tAIO6a86Qb8wSM8Fip57mt9Hx0dXMxC9g8pzOughpUPGgMi9vcZsYCuIvNn8BXswxB06EHHewhV/utiz5Qlum7dlolh1wtTJb73rr4WJeXuUD+KYcPZt1OiU5niOZ31/ACfmrRwXG17VCOKAyHyucbqk5tZ796wKIFcvk7g6MhKg9HeY/35id6MvzHeBrY8GjV7gHceH7zCNJEkCoxFfOazA732irLy6rEcUfP/0jIy3NXxNADb6jVtbQ3uUf4S0SIf+NCTb0asqK69tIrdOcv5KaJAuYVGLkxDL25ovSe5U//yt6ppaLP+TG4jUsiaO2HxxAlt9sVjZ4liL907oSgr+AvSkYveb48OfKe6XFN+HtL507kZYsAMTn61NfQhq8dXsRCskDskMSq787pjO7nUo4dADxABG8Mqk41mZiOZ5N8NdaYWDoyX+26AEUkEXSAX556uskCh9w4s++vQiEpGiqypj39HHZzvwnPEeuxaOV7McNIKtnGLWWv2bNzNoCkZAT+EfA0mpC2U+ylVr2+Gmesep5EVCQi99+diwlqSJ4PPXHs6SQ3IdC8vgWq1AaJO5rQAiVOI1nNZqPFUByz8kAjTr/iprNl46x8VD/0JjDjZfAVIwBWtBbj6GA3J/CAnL2x+ToALd1g6lX4L9/txAYyY1ntYVavXSmw4P4WjWzr3q8nwCS2zpapV7AWEweuz8y5rd5K1iaHfXawsfPbgADKbwLCxgKSErSPcdOZPy/vWt5TWRL474f8RGNj8ROTGI0z77dFwIxmGuyE8SqUstCq9RGrbJ1cHEZpBiwQJkZHQVBcCGzmJWb2bkxzMJ/pveB/AF3PeecinnaN6ZvukfNfJuQpKrEH7/v9z3O+U6p4NgFRRNkq/P5/NT/+x4XQfH4ORo+ByA8pAyo7eMF+rNf//yP//zpL/88ux3g+9zpkQSNJnRVJr169vCTaGV6OewN8hSNk40m81zGBuIxHPM/8/4RAOGaHhpSfPQYv+9vf//rv/5910L91GyQOMAP9gDleplmBgGUKHR2B+Jgq0yQPSEWes7zri8iEbQ7xv9tAELyXf8SiVxMms48+/zr3bRPKCZA/rXgYJXKYdcpJDNpSyCZQVUx4qDAPCf9p4FrH5ovDHw9t/4qgH6veFLFue968nz6/fPiGAHxD/WgQQKzJJlRU297VkUO0gQ2EmLeKbIPwCBIw9Ov8HAygH7Y6bpGt04RibwxYYSN+bfq2VbPKn4SjdrsueNgtZCYpnqFM4RwivAcMOkpEZ8CCHd1walXeJfvOQkV649C9Y5/HrNaI5ldU2/vOCEIPJUlgtU6M03F4YfjhYBMcK3c+5iIjwAE1INxA4hn5MQXOJ3m6V6mXg0S4gkZfufODPMPBRK1eQdyMJ5McSSepYr56ZoAgYAPEfEcEMvnCwTQ4hsw/1kkEhDX02+uQcwTr5mqHkwXqSxOcilYwB2v7Mw2/8Y6CL8Y08/ViNKID01Z9YpBAVIrcnGCQgMCMRCJXMPdCDDcnIj//d2g8+Sp/KiUqeX6MKL5kf5pZxxAwEGPDYpbuD+ka+SwzxxPaXCLDABqbOeAbr5ruCKKfhnbdeDBZrhnjOkPyRo97IfhHTbP7PNP5KDRIQ5CtjAghB32ZW18qHIQSRAnTk5+ufj06QKdpADd2vvCdraX7QD5I1viSKnDOOP6d9ea2ba7YTYTj1KVIM5RReb4pRB64etWAsB8oOJDzgwl8YUrUkyR4vBghUKvuVC57dtqrWQ+bEkn1sVedpCtEeSo0z7+Vnvxmsi9PbydEUnUsgPkAaD+ndX6Y6IQyvRwBzqcJGiU8FK1O+mgt++xKndnrNCtgo9uiDMY1oMfcyrRq3mxVi39GS7V+U+TrWyGIIfFeOhHMjAULw5JIpNtJWGuqFr/WTo37nvXH/SsOGEoiaZy5SCZ675UCf8IgEyxmyOD5VwqCsOH02acxf7fsz1qmdEGORiKJbs0IOFvHfZHAch2fgP0o7vJGMxCVTajTKOVzJ+pt/UHpmOxLMmReJmjmnzs+wPY5vstroyXcmLxcWw60M9J+vKUg0rpoRWlJXmghDUiWOkm498bwHi0WwmC4Esl8yjtsR5KlXPJPxFBs/29BSY0aaCENI5lG6nO5NnO1wEwn+h0G1kMp4H6wY9RWVx2s1IjmVfTahTLZrR3y38a4wc5MkNg1UIi/70AzCcKVYzIkLkBH0OdGsuGeVkxr/y7jcb29yirDoX7Pa6EY5WrupBovz6A7YRQv6pgeInr9eH8B8id39vnMPo+abIqlNIdlFR702w0xeFEpnSTXrwqgDBdKmUInEtF2Tyqvq07UqVCI5l/Q0poWkXNOb5+mSUxstLo9qOJ+GsBGE8U+91GBTw4e1kXjwdfBfQzK7WSRTCtZklpQDnhsT8fZwSKwzJEsNyoJ9OvA2A6WW+Ug0QG4yiBiSPxA7mfQbmkWQwAUU5o0O+6P6whrYrWr7gyhpUrl6m+kAy3vd8OoLcdTgr97mUFPo+7qotn2Kx9cO/qDWrJIplGodZJd8Vgko+xycGoghNErcSNClE29K0AhthoYcSVagSBV0aDJBvLi8FjV6pTL4T6PZJC6f6GHGWFICILQLNASC7R3JAqdKJ8mJ3cbZgMYCjOhvlop0ANOboEAi/QVAFFXpD5yTf2pcqFQ0+UwmXZJsoKAS7pNsMPeiC5BjzE6BxVEHh26pe0elleKFA5GqsRGZA09wY8006LXS/LxpZseZHE71GfULd1tCE3OcTGM1MstHLZMoZj5Wy10esWmkIxmQiHGbYdz4/R9InzRd58vM0y4XAiWRSahW6vUb25MdcqjPs8DpN842hrnvqmL2ehArBQapQ7RVDSMZbhO6kvXDmYITK1IEZXL6kUwBG59P0dGshlAXIp6rJKY8EauDxY5r6kOjzDxtIi2E65UQrYp9BKFts0SoP+8KPt3erNCkcMQHhVzdIkhgNG0RWummt86VHdeqHfbzb7hcKg3y/Uu1TvSyNX5Sp0GV5H0tnqFYDvJh/3r76zfTzUGxZS+yZooVop2zLKHeMKFvAQ8KtZbw2hXwYz0Gq14AOr1dCfg9Dbh616E3AUcG9cVTvkxi2ZUr242vcURJ1Zv+OSr7xbX7utxRIQw8scl6XLJRLw8T5+gHNkqUxnudwlRC9xWwmurb9bkbt29GadRvKWDIghoKFh0+gy3SI4DhMJPlpsDoDTtlo9ZK0WcOhBpxjlE+MQc4ufyXW0aYDkU2glb8+WdIZN+57bZrJYV9ceVrcgaCSj0SKyaDQJgsrDum9t1Wox2dx79k2DbknyVg3ycFknk+qNG26T82Gq7M2n4/F4DBj4kc4/fOvPsdPk3jDqpTLd8hvl3i2E8MurZYYtvX3X5ZbbVkwfLBbrusP5k0p1HzCV6ienY91qsXwwrdjkbteuXb9lQKMebxm9u0IZEFGp1MkMUv2+8XDv4COILlbnPQRVTiuIFR8P9g6N+3qpQaZTKiH1NP/H7oaGNzRS6wzSzf0jz57LvWJx3AfQYVlxu/Y8R/ubUoNOfY+9/3P7LwDhWt5T7PdPAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

Matplotlib logo

![Table
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Table Demo

![Demonstrates plotting contour \(level\) curves in
3D](data:image/png;base64,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)

Demonstrates plotting contour (level) curves in 3D

![Demonstrates plotting contour \(level\) curves in 3D using the extend3d
option](data:image/png;base64,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)

Demonstrates plotting contour (level) curves in 3D using the extend3d option

![Projecting contour profiles onto a
graph](data:image/png;base64,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)

Projecting contour profiles onto a graph

![Filled
contours](data:image/png;base64,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)

Filled contours

![Projecting filled contour onto a
graph](data:image/png;base64,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)

Projecting filled contour onto a graph

![Custom hillshading in a 3D surface
plot](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAADAFBMVEVHcEz7+/v49/f6+fn29vbz8/P09PX////y8vL4+PjZ2dnu7u7w8PDp6en9/PzX19fk5OTy8fHe3t7g4ODb3Nvm5ubS0tLR0dHr6+vi4uLV1dXT09MtdY////4wfJQxfo0oa4Q4iqAqdnw6kKc+lpIDBFP+/v4rc4YvfYM0g546kIw1h4jGx8dBnJ00hZImaH8UQ1wkaHQ5jpVBm6x7e3s9lJweW20zgpiCgoJOr6YaUmgiYXoPKm0hY24QOVgGGklFo6EbTnIiXIWKiooIFlsYRmuVlZWvr6+QkJBEn5UDBGAKJk4NMVRRtK0VPHCFhYUnaJJSmERUurNIqLBDeCZ0dHQfWHlHp6kKF2gCBEcncHPg3Y48k63C2oVKp5vKyspQtrgSJJZ+fn4TO2QdSY61tbUweaEOKmBmfyXDw8MLDKHNzc2OslxNrZ8yg3uqqqpRfSg1hqgiW5iqzngXSmNvb28/mbWvr1ccVG5EorhviTCLhy0KGXQ8iDmJqlSfumMaWWJ3d3f8+/mampoZQIN9ii5ov23fzY8JD48nYKomax0YOJ/Q0NAsbaHjyKe6zHa11oCnp6cTLoJYu6cCDTuhgj4YOI+uh1B8yHAreT83ibQVWiy5ubmeyXK/wMBVVVVkZGQdT4LWwYMxbRyRfy5WsHUaR3gOG4MdZh1WtptlsFrs4cnPtH6Rkja4vWiYhDZFnYLn4aBKq7jb5efCpWowd7C8vLzU24cufG4jbEtolUA4iE5dw64QPlQkbWNZv7yNynEiTq0eTJpfhzI2dCMaXztFm2R7oUy3m1s9kF8qd1x2l0Dl6O3r3btcu4cEA3kZYRl6tl5PrIloxoPKsnMTIqabrcKlpaXJ2eEUWyGepEqhoaHx7eXNy3hSpFQdYU+cnJxhxZqfn589kXZPX4dTi5OKorFCQkLZvZfw5dYRVxu20NTG0digjD+f1IagoKDg07WNw8Wjo6NpmaN1gsOnwcSDhqp+s7+zvchlb6gxTm+utdRwtLPP4cJqf5Oc27bocASaAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAIABJREFUeNrs2rtv20gaAPCIwxnzIZIiRVIkp3el0kV6A7E7V6lcCDCwhaFiKyPFVsEVagQBVwhqAm8gpJNwgQFh/wY36gwEuPUB161cGGtsf8B9M0MOqccCe3uJTd0Nm4AxIyg/zzffY/jqlbwO1PVHr1c7L+WiABWgAlSA6lKAClABKkB1KUAFqAAVoLoUoAJUgApQXQpQASpABaguBagAFaACVJcCVIAKUAEqQAWoABWgAlSAClABKkAFqAAV4P8a4KEC/K8u5GOtcagA/yyfo/l+03ecWiPWF7DhZ6ZhGKQdGk2faA1XAf5Hu5+p4QKQGIbf5IiHCvAPXq6mmVVAdtUTsZaAh0g3TZNkGgNMC0CJaNYJsY6Arsn8dgLmiAbR0KEC/L3soWumACSRjUlrE5BdOGhjYrqHCvB3wpdd+pDGlAaWRQjeBCRBgEU4vzRi3QBdUyw/E6HWpUN8p93vZoHT3EAkQZutS6gTbYOgl0SsGWBDK/x0i1LIwhDCVhJkHUD0K4g5YL4lNl8QsVaAh4mDcj87TvVMZ7tdi4Vw02GIbcfIESuA/MoR/88BXZSmAhC1YrtBJCD7AxCjkHa8dgKIW4D5SvTtZ0esD+Ah0lCrjUT4Wjoy1wANgWhHYRx7qU2CdEduNuyO/dwrsTaALHugiAFC+LYQ4mXMOmCB2LJi2vMge+CN7Ixt6rPE4j8jYl0AWe8GgAFCKKU2D2Q9Y/vdBiBjYoi0T6nVgjKxisgBi4YF68+CWA9ACF++9TmBSzwWvgJQJ3BF3o5gZSGcpB6lIau1cQm43vU9A2ItAIviDwDtDg9fDuilQ9juIkvH24BhG9Ye8ZO2F9PAyRHXAJ8JsQ6ARe9moqSXNXM+SCXdLIHE2+u1KousAii2RFZrF2UiSej2YgVEu/XtEF8eMA9fRkaGfST9fNpjiwy3+lZnPVIrgHle8aFMHGZBkmTbXR9bmB22ErVvgvjigK4m/RIaho3iJoodvvnhyNMNiNQORGpTIpIwXZOClchq7X6Xl4nbyVm0fd8C8aUBfdl7mG1q2FZeSJtBRpCHBSARkRpksWzoNgFzRKcfUCgTk/UKB8vI5nvi153Jviygi5wwJ8NZABWgAITwhXpG85gCdvIsLBYZ9CJpAog7AJlUxmtthlgpE/Ha1viVB9svCuhqZiIAkdOBpYhsD8kbswDMyFoZzX1aXrpVRrNnKRFlYsuisSwT4SPwdnYGxK+h+IKAkD00seZYxGL2ZxMAixvT9DDZABSIBvh0e+F2cpbPYvZQ6sUxf4hsAQpE/HNrnwFF78HWHDIohC8PXQ+JWDYFoA4raBOQA+lhAD6QnNcGheurFRB5mRg6sI3uEDTIWbrHgGLyx9ZcHrECsCFvANAOU5sk2a5OJGwRYhQVYLES8WbXgvlDXr9bzeDlh7x29hawGNwj3zLDPGLhzvACashKMO4HYUzpcNf/nScRkZyLGRfeBswRo067MpL1Zed3Ye8roCz+EI5p25Rk9mURviZC6WUCIWwHXUq3ZvrEKrIwrubdnX0zuFo6z+Bx1k6avgQ0jvT9BKz0Hkyp4IPs2x9KS82yMgM4IIQxLwHbsIBk4i0BKzOuOLS8HQdQ+UCHSweU3rMyiH+QfeTuJeChKf20kGaSDAVZ4hUrs0lTZPmEF3EkLwHZKsujmVgtvDnjMpJ02GVN3yZiebTM5tr3gMhrbeJc7GUdaOrSz6YpkWQkC83iDkUdGyGvACxXGY1FV7wFKB5pWTbk3Y0DKIO0AxnZ/sO9+KCOFdHX4hudHL/vX190D7oXP+0BIPLyLIHEwUdBlnQihMSdaORM5DUrgEUJmPKuGEMW3rHZwVITTV/1AIodIhcPk4cHv6glw7NfvvAsYtgfv3tLr8Kr7KpVd0DXNDMf5eeWHjv48HSO2abw14jfIcwaOXMHYDG/gi2x6/HDpW3A6gEUb4orgLj5MHvwC0vNu+gm/FuFR9enB2dfjg9OL2sOCMUf8vjAnp1bioMPRka8kGdfBijLQgmItwsTn3YY0EYvUr7JJfMK6+d0cYSHjdno6eFe/gN9eJp/rTffZa8P3n84Orjo1BqQZ19kASBk31gefIjwzV+H0WAtFjHuNSPYzGy6o4sgVkT44dLaoLC62eWIKTwT0DZEM75fjtYBe2/E99Kvmuji4hgdX1yYdQYUg3sUJgjp8uBDy3SU0qac4hteqOU3Da+TQeYNhnh7bsCSiOzVZJW4AZi3Ikna67G3Q8BvNHtoyp9p3b/kcQE7oRY2DlBo1jmJIFE8o8Bx83NL0a/5JZlpdoZROZLuBjqUbt7l1jy6LGOKXiRjvQgWm93WYacepkmQ0REDnDXlT7XrX/eojClfGgqccsXBbWcoMVlZbUu/CHo44sPGH7O5Ct14N6ZSxhS9CGx3sNlhcm/nyVemXi+C5MwW4NNsVk6szQ9f9gewHNw32r1yxQHZtd0omw8PdkQ5ktbDBAANO84zL8uqxUIkXmtjpM+Lu27HuX8YPYlaezYj4nEABNYbBricQQGYz8HQycm+AJa9G2TfrtWQN7oVUjlJYM2HR4qqOjDdAlAuMzYlFdHMTLYSCyFWPIOFtprpxMD2YLXEywfWDXoOYRlktHpa3mNeSbJNwf3+Q/Hrha/4Z4erzwHolr0bamdhq5wdxC3Xy8MZqhfoijMsfsDSMqoC5ogJ/O9Zo6Fb0a7cHFjL2Wy0Wnkt219NB9P54BwESTZbDgaD1XS6BEAW2pB7hll4JhqP5PS4dXl1nNqv39JaAjbKczechShKK50IKsrCvPlgky3xA5avHQ5It+poWIj9FO96bxWW2XyxWs2fVoP5fDC9nQ4GMxPf3NxM7xaLu8EyzyHsY5Lsx48nbNmdHp2g7z/+dPDrX7P3hzUEbOjltCV2kHiBSHYivCzkR0q8+QBApIUer3EAkL2eVa7AatLo9am1NdMns8FoMZmsVpPpdD69Wy3G88H89unmXADOR8tlZWLd+Oc1H6j+ePrmN+fy7OR06F6hGgLKgDX5sBQ5AcoHCZwMykKopOOi+fAbBm2LtIyCxIaGthn7O4LVi/LcXBkUkoeb0Woymcznk8V0Pp9Pb8eLwe3ju/Pzm/M7AJwuRxVAQzsVEXvU7Z81Dq6Pfz4J6rkCi/AVBx/8IBOitCMKFlhmeSMsAHEiR/oNCFUI1rRj7AhWqEyw6IqLjtcw/JvBaHU7mSxgFc7v5vO78fj27vFxAQvwBgDvBoPpwxqgxb+g9f4ovDw6Cuyjt/067oGuWZ5b8rGLhVjBQnKyINEqzQcUMsVIH2l9yqYv2bWoATcBcTU388O32TkQzWEJMsD54vbx83jy+PnxFgAHHHA6sCu/Cu04yH/FjQOXuOyU+qCugOVRJTuHc5tikMBv2wEt07LWy+RI36d9lkSIH4vj9LUNj2QyC/OOl8+4bs4HsPeB3ngyuZsvxp8+jcc/fH58fPcP2ALvFpCVR0blQ/SzaC/qQFe8aSBhmlbUKcf4jaxXNh9N2it6FFixdjvKs3D+VmpYHq1Babc2hmHvaD2dM8DF7QQW3vh2fjv+/Gn8+YdPj49/f/e3OSxAWJ//irNAtiL6RbIngCiKKwcffrcIXz7T70aV94nsQDzItkXs/puasw1pK83iOOYmN8ZoEmOiJnH7YiXaJE5jRzPVYHwpvhR1fIsKE7ItfcOSWDONRYnU6OxqQbro4kiz0NjOaEvrbBTXUkE6VNawKWRGkEJbdBzWoXZY2jrbFplSaLvnee7NzY3dT8sypPeLoiLXH+c55/zP/zyGAMZTI9BUZK0lUXsvpDJh+8Jb4ozlayB48+LExATE4F8vjo5OTAPA6ZWVTnim1iznZxhnAP0SMpf3QQBUQ1tCsvhFrrApFBLWPpFIlkptmaP5IMEGSC/H0JqXxxVvA8gDfmtzAPDuXXx0p29ehAicnkAAO2mAlm9IZscaKZqQJSIX8tXyGPgYnTmQE2pL6CiTiFl9YapIQvXVWLwRqCbjo4yoEkkSLhSPeFX8thEfJLykCwmR1hHvG4tlzmL5GgCiEBydHn0GACe6u7t9NMA5yww1C6T8J7Fy9XIcIiZ6UVshKu+rjfmpLzc2GgFyhWF8ApmSZFwQAhUWggIIqg7NsQgpWjFKoHIkAORwZ2d5bIDU3w/ti84WUVbIHywAcOb8+ZsUwOnRaQDY3d/f3e2iTzAAjFA0pO0y7mOklyvHEpr4tbeaRJVRaSqpw/xwj0y5IHTIhW42SJJx9UAAQS5TBZtQyHlPtdqHcfH/ZTdGKZcjI5jejeHFzwDAtbm1NQD4DAJvetT3bLQbAexv9dEBaPk+UrYkHcTvl/KzrOnSAX756lH+g/aoBBg+sTiysAuCxvi4L8Q3G0LiDQEU0PYIpnph4/RpzVY89z0HDooIySorwjdzc3OWtbWpqU4AiM7ttM8HAIFga2s/CsHhOZwCI2ayFEDJFXmT7awU2XK5tiiOQKYVxC4IoUimzbkEqYgRbxFdIUEkJ89qtRkaTf7z2fe8clyFseEuU6lkM9Y5Kw2w8y5Ujn4EcBoBdLW2tgY7O91Wq2XuX5EAlRRA/qXcCvVYXwX/cO4DUfQCDI0LkAtCIk+EQ4RvNjD7WDFxulDGJMg4pfzXvOzsbI12/4Zu2zZguI3hkdw3w1YrAgQAIdZWugFgtw8e4Af4Wl3BgN1phRCNXLAJm3LR3sYQbCUHj5LL8kQIoS4s3ogknSQknYXKpPvPi4tbGvOLtVlZGyppClZ0tOHB6gM5b4adQHAOAwSCKz4A2N/v80EBaWUDnEELNuH1acaUi/qJNIELbnhrTZmUHBYfXJWN0ShcsZTpCuXKp9rPsloaG1vyNFptVrp2lkhlbcfwGIBk6rDXaR0GQGtDQ0NTUys+DNDVTwFcREe4x4u+/z03ZJ3gX8GYctEPkLV0inLhYVVYiQhVcbLwSF9Cd4W4w/l9enr6/ryW4v0ajTYnp3DnFgdPDrCiI5kI5MVver3Dw0NWgIf4uQGgDwLQ5QKGVAQ65u1eiNC5NyS9G0JNwYhTP30gAEWs4wutjFKXGHbeUoSJccxIX0h3hUiIiJ6guMvK+1txdoa2sLcwJyfnPhFWdIqUVCqdcd4seJ3DQBA/cIRXVmiACCHgW3SYHfZhlCV/4DFOMXaoVilP6VbuwYTK2na+LfeFKDoBKsJLp7iVkQlZ4i0mPo4IiV846+jCMJEIKVL9MgtS3/7GRm26Nr2wsDDHuM94nxtWdKdsuAck5ZsLXq/TSQN0QwSu+FyI3+Kiy4Xjz2yehzNuHbIKeRHXcpRXLlcgYuV9NtGVVQnnrKzPFp1FJJXLXgGMpfVuSLyhxXxa/AowQNwufjEL4Yf4QQ3O6S0sNBQY9hUWvOIwBJQKBeoB4995KIBWKzCccrvdKz1BFHuueSAI/MzwLEMKtA79e9v6NNH+QowAKtubxm6tNon7+H9uj9IjzIQfS+/SzhvaK2fELzrTSSIFCkXRVnp6ZtaexpaMDM1nvQYg2NXVVbARjiFlKgpEqc7jWViIAOheCQQRQAjBRQcGOL8AAIe2A4wVrI7RL3gJGsImXZP6f1Fyv4krF3YxGb0rCC3EELFinP5iQl2hFHeIv3sJJeSjjxHArN5eg8GYltlcYNC/EjAAcSPNeYcAQg70Ot1eOMFud6e9pyeAEiBEoAMAjpvNk8tAeGhIvh3gP3X49U7UNtnKD9TG/NKXmxjNAAkGWZIczfTp7SKCJxZIGXM9Rn4Kz6rVW4ac9Mw9HzfmaTIKEcDmtLQdmV3Vj4gIgOTsPRqg2w3g3DgAe1YCiw6Xy4Gqh8Mx7jefmwSATqdsm4cnKKdSHikh+akSNZ8vF/CjGCD9jySoIQtbvJFKRvxCjB4WYwcgdhfkvLQ9u3fv3Knt7e3tKDAaM9OMBdV6GYcXBsjjvQOAnoVNqxMAAsGeHrsdSAaCjkUE0G92mAFgvQfxG47btl8jqFR9KG0MbvIYG4RQSFJZ4k14KmyJSFQK7HmKnnYUNO/au2f3JzszDQBQ32E0Nhu7ujqq3ibg9RgeVyzkcnnvlu55BjweBNCOAAZ67CgUg0GXw+VwLJrNjvHxccePHlRmrAK6ewnt1wgOyj4cgHhpnGn+bMzNGkh6Fy6wSjSHuq7Jf/xth7Hu8717d2RmGgy9er2+y9hcUtJVUP0ar5nHfje79eThw3frSwNXAeCw1UsFYKDHa3Xbg8HgIsQfAugfHB8/96MHlRkZSa3+UkMw+FTw/7jo9dsAxHPUsHi7cCG8zwZtjZjLKtH03cO3+oLSk5/v/WTfrhwKoL65GQjqq768T4Aa2bpzp6Fm5Pbt9aWrV+8NQBIMAbSjhjkQDDpQ/jOPmwcBoH8S0qTdqyDD+zX42pKgFm+Yi25V6Pi6EwTfdoIbpQDVsSqWkhOqlEkxjPiVodlCuERjgIC4QF9SevLk3h37jF0GQ4de/62pDPiVVBV9+egL4cPnNQ0Nt+FZv7EE/DwLk8sBDDAQwO0MRKDD73eg43t9cNx/Dn5iYXkhIbKNlorbfx5DxBIvV0hP5VauqvrKD0YpQDI5ge2JCFNDd6zjk1H6U3FDQk6AARJC8atj+ubSP9Wl7drXXNZlMOn1JpOprKSkrKiqqOrXOw0NDTUAcGTkxo2lJQA4sDxZPx9AAegednutdtTAmP1m8+D44PXBQf85KDPL9k3O9tVfxRVchrm1Rx8ctJG55Zf4ZznRCZATy1qPAfGWGkcIWMyo+WocSdlxspiEFO7j6mPXSuvq6kqNZR1lHSYTAKw2XSsxFRUVpR2B8KupwfhGbiyt3xsYQADhAYabTnePPRCcd7AB1kOhXl7e5L73nygOhF7w7NmUqAbImCK0EqHyHCGl8iJeyEpSzfLUajURc/+wRMnjP67+9I9nAOBX18rKyoCdydSRWZx3DTDuvFPTlp9f0wD42kZu31hfhxCcpADW1y84nXCS54NBSIB+/zjkv+vXB//yD0BsX5ZtB0jKD8Sgt+OdqGg6cbTyF1XfH6L1CKuZ9Ie7FzrPhbo/AMgde7mRvvHk8WPRrOmtAr73yPTpV2fO1JVigMaPcrryjtypyT+U3VLcUNPWdkhTnN+WP4Ke9SUMsH4e8ZvcpAEuQgPo9w9CBUEAr0KI2pd17933VNTi4QtxqSIBF5HDFdzoBghKBM+xiHjIc1T6w1+Ok28dyjh9GrRvzsvXVR3fxRDk62PXjv/9+HEMcDeaqR450pCfr0kvLs7WZLRlZBS35TfAIUZlGI4wAMSP5z/Unf1PU2kWxwMtRSi0iOLy0tx7e3uHW3q9fbWtbemk4IBexzLdqpQQ0ilYNL60BhaJJGJAjcFx/UFISIBxlBgE/KmBmBQYSmQEQ3cinU5mdsgm4ATdTXTixtlsZjfrJnueW95c/4HyhITb0B+aT77nOd/zPOcUBPDy5clJSL+Qf0fuf/FFbGQOAby+fH2XdK2rYbMZ87PibWJjitc7yNcqEX4sfcMWpuz5lyXAcSqlUqmmrS3aF5Li/5SWdvfO+gcHqx9UEUcdHqNSf5QNBMgIw7JMUEV5UAzz/EbRHvhdAuDDN2/+cOfcuaeT3zy5/+R+DLa/L14tDQxMPQPEy28y0GXynj2bTZnrl3LbACBqsRRsKd52SHM3bKEgNff0O4/DwTFBspak1WqZdW/6j5e6e2/2+q+VPqh4UGdQ69HBoFrlra3VMVSQYX1gAiGGIQ+PIoBD88s8QHDUd+5cTgAcGYnFQIMI4DwAXF7+b+qWNi5+XnjjUm5bAFxvNkgA3LtZ/KZJd7+DwHRwFKViGLXebCZeFL8o7a6/2dtbCstlYNHBNEBklLURu51kHMAPACJ+PXEAODQ/vzCFBHgdUsl35879afKbY5B+YyDBpVevBvri8aGh5Ye5ovdarKU54tTC9Us5gUiSVyBMF2UnL8DEcfP61cfvPt901dKCdyqW5VjK4fF4HYBSrzH9u364HgB215SWVjUZjLhSR+r1aoa019p1uMF3FDZE8DI9gQAkYihF5uenYC1DMgElPj03CQCf8ABHAOBSNA5vWf5e+H8jJdI9RZX7E71EkuMH9t67uivv+PGDyQpQuHnewjeab8xY50lfv2NhgQQ9Ho+DYiiKJHUnhruQAAFgTTMCSOp0OpxhdHadjjbM+HxOJ1jBnh5v3Ds6CvpKAHz2/UNQYHv7U8ghx47xMYwADoR4gK9TPxxvP3S3ku8lajxUuffec9Gfz6ddECRpEtkyGYLc33rxlpGb+ZOFZT0ehM/hAIAqFWx3pLa0q/6H+vrSmprSW3UGPQC0m0xKBNBmHpvxQfh6wAoGvN6AZTS+psB5ECAPsH1yElz0CMhvaWkAAEYB8fLQ+IfT2Rlf/cp/EZn03t/v5eecP3T1q/QLoiRV4Kb8ElpMFG/Cwty0GQ9FUUbKyELwsvCoh4RRa/10setM1/ClmlO9TSVyNVOLAJpIu12nMfjGAKCD5bwOLywLSDC0sDA1tfBsA2A7KPDJUmxgABLI0quBlRAwHv1wNntHRmPiBiT79v67ueLGA18e+mNnkt7KbZ7pJ9wfKt74Z8lbD4uSh16l1huNerQo2Ot0H9cAv+FLl2pmm1zl1YROZ9dobFaT3Ya3wQZosXhZjmNUSIHOQALg0M+bANvBBMaA3gBiOBcNxOPxt4XSD2ZKMjYm5fIaixoO5KVUNmSmJzfAteI3UbzBs2TcA75YRUKCZYCdkf/R4zq79ZPFri7gN3zjVnm5q06uNivkZlqjUBhax3ysCsKe44JBFWdx9sTjqwvhaOhnyMbLkEPaf9/eBwBHYksJgnMDUa83HnidlrN2Hr05Cptx+8ttY2NSNra/9WkaSMsiAQjQqGfA/iEPnZAggzMkaTdpDy8uLl46fPNGc/mt1jaFQi7HzGZMYTAYxnyMknKA7wY/eNTttnDxhYVoCB0MgptZmGoHfn19T2KxhATnpucoyDU93yZmSnj7si7EzUu57QFw42sR+KH/zEyJsHgcmKlIksTVOI7rDUh9OA6vTSbrJ4dhLT6ebb7V39oK/EowjKBl8jYD61EqGUZFMXqP28lZOJVqdZX7enQ0FOIBAkEA2BeLDczNza2srMwFOYj0HnHaFvuyJkTB1b3bBqBkY/tbG+U/W5Ay/vLHf6jValxJ0jiD42qDAV6QNE1qdCar9shHHx0+fOZx86N+ACjHSsyYzKaR1bUZjUalkiaVuBrcjJdRwaLAUm8BiBTYN5IAOLcSVnGwUb59vzs4MTEsqTy7jQCC+xNv+YKsAkl+bUcHjQDiSloJwqNxPbygaXjEMZmpBQAu/nDzBgBsa8JkGAjQRpxsxdRGOQCEd4EfdFKgRI/TPQMlXRz48QAnEL++uRjwm1hZiTBUwOKe+UW44wMfXZi5T5r4dPmd2Wc7b6cX7XsuSFqAgtwtdyI5hYX56X/t6Oiw4yh4EQ41TdMyPpJxs1yOIpYYXDxzpv4RAGxyuTAZgQC2KgjaiOuAuFJvGHM6KM7hc6Pjaa83FFoFfqsLUxO8AvsmEMCJSCTCWdzutwVZ4qyd759H78z//O4FPoYlV++eRc29ndL9p5MVoGDLzW/GbmlGrvifHWhpZBgCCAQJQibDIFmYzeYSuRyXlZjVrjNIgY+am10yjCirttlOtpoJAtdZSVppQBum0QcqhKLO6eW8IdgKV1cBY3QC4YMF/CYiYYZyut+dzYIKWCwWv9ernpbyWRFf/J4/eODgvvRfn+9Lb3yerADFOVvPpAUpOac7Wjo6TFYrgWFmDAiiIDXXKVC6lQNFQkNjuNpff3PWf82PANoqKspsJ/ub4K0m68Xqk20GvWfM5/OwEMFOCxgajscXWg0vRKNRnmAUAQyqWPfM7gL09XlQvGWJtwpR1JDFf7jKhr91HpccajyecjVpa+HNM33+TFqQ97IDCFpNNoIwQ34wlyjqFHKgh9It+g2ez6aWaatmEUCXq1xWXVZRMdjfD2BtLQCwrk1h8EEWgeKFZZ2BcNDydSBkcY4GOJBgNBqORnmAK5EI5Xb+JEgVigukRZk5a0LcuTbZ1LDeCXMg8y+dDannOzvzkzgLb1zJocaXX+yoXYjGzDIM2NWB9OqAXAlmRnalRG7GMbpFRkxrB2ev+f3N/sHyMgDYDADttFVrLXO1gp0xsjxASklRYRXkkUDAGwCA4UgkHA4HgWEEJRHK8VuGSCQSpqbuyN5dVJiLuhISQkwT71+vfFMl/JBXtjA9uQGuO+kr374koDQj5CC7kiYAqCiBrQ+KDQycHiaTyWgcI7Q2zbS2AgH0+wcfnCirePCov6n6IqH9GKTY1nbUqCcdEL1eyMQcoHRboDLmoD5JAFwNAsLIykqQ4sZTRfz/hACIIl6IeTt5IWZl7xduGxtTvOUgAWzgbxhgomUylC9K5ImsiynqzMgsI4AEjV9sadFOT5+41t3bCwCrTlVUgac+abVePHKkytU6NuO2OJQsAshxXicYaosjYAkgglSwlgwH0aoFASrJt1d4eAmIwlThjrzMosJdYpFQUHRPsK0ACnau9VBeGQdegAm8HeQORK8E/TQBRLWpQgN/0hA24HdkevrTmuH6Xv8gADzV/dg/WGG1aitcrqY234zFwlEOSCAAjeL+R935xKSVb3E8AnpLUWpHp7V6C/cCCohywTtw23v5dxFqCzxKhhSBkP5jyk1tqoEwBBIXLXUhcVy0MS6MaXRj9zQ2bvBF10260pp08ZJJ21nUZDLp5PW9Libv/C6ipnnLaaPXCMpG7iffc873nN/vhzqdzuO5eBEI1hFCVF/RaZLr/0pq3r2U7NNrQGzp6uju6Xl67e/x0d+qiOzN9CXKpr4/GAbw4VwMzB0BWdCIcmCKhNc4l4WnEEC7JW8J1kLuYB1gWnDMAMB0nl1ZyKpU1ZvRUQ+0IB7P9Yu68Sv9a/063SBabr9/HV7VgXceuqZqAAAQ+ElEQVQZ9Oj6x5NJg+mltOUwvH0hygZ+W1o8TgD3ZvrK3fcv+z4SCCDF5os4QXi9xlQhlaJpEqc4i8vF87ieooqWvCsYCrndwq35+SdTgvBsZtO7LKTZykLGmKpGR1ETrIMScmU82W9aA7cC/cbF+/d149Alr40PRkcHdaakRvNR1iL7kh56krY9vKfsOj4AMfnJ+skuqeStf5sqgspUMZbNEwAwslAqoEJMMhQXs9Ty/hhUmLzFFQwG3W63b3oaTVYdtzY2vWEhvQyVpFCKAkBdvwkiFSgl1zQGD1p2v48mrP3j4+trySFQqM2QTCY/iBnwSwUifnf/tnv7JlX4ZEdjC2+n/3OsyMfwiLfIsn6O8GZLJRqZQC2p52K8K+QPA0HIgHWA7lfiZPXZFgCMZLPZVKpQQgA9wM5gMEGmS2oMo/+EonIfst8VAJhcX09aDeiAncn5TvZ/FSjtevgUO1YA+w4tyf3l8hd5ftnr9RbzrnQsUiigQqzVGo1GnOP9ISDI2y2W4B7AXhHg9NbmZmZBNIzgAWmtzTZkGzRpDEhlBnMUSfIfFyEtggDXkutWp3rQNmTq396pZ8AvFChX/PACO14A90fS0o6Tz1fSANDr5bx+yHLg6bQEQ+pJrYrRammcXw6Hw+lwugEwkegNTE5Ojk1Pzy8sZNGVKtC0jYRO2GbQGEQB2kY94mxVh4ZbpnV0KAcNZ82fsPIhAe5DlLfeXsSOG0Bp4/MBO+V924IfAfR6ocgKuUKJgca3SJAqUCGt5WIrQNARFhA/n69XJBiYBoAVZLjBd0MED5pJEOCQRgP8knr1KO2p3vzxx35TP5oPGqDL0ZNm89D1M8jvSb4sIJLTt+9gxxOgtLkHHYQ7/17gY8AvBgpLzxZKarB9xSI0xEYtXaKLoL+ww+EQxBIS9/XChdboZhboaFU7BA/V6OCQGnKm2aDRWJMavdpGR2+OjnrGxyGmgaHmgZUEgOoPZQX4vc62ZkkDIrokzRdGsOMHsOlgcxt0JJ/Dy5ADedDY8qq2QIDtK9oJIoIAqi1pFMNAMJhAAOMBRDAQiGdouhQ1q81mLUSwzQoxr1br7axVDz+VblY9HpNmHAW0yZR02imcUQ+ekIHfa20/1XOqvVXWYChpuVrn1zoxocBePFZg2Nk3v99QPB5pPuoAGx8rIZeVtx3zU1PLaYjS2YgXzLTTYi/yXjyTMZJ5AJgWBADoSyQghuPx3gSK4llay1TR0B8QwqWxEgDQzj7gKBVdBVGCazFonFYgCKp02lUMWS8gMomkGU0ROrrEYJbIru4dh1PcmBgeuXrnBIZ9f/baG8XAo8tHG+DBkpysWX5OeDI1hdLc/GwkxnME52LtCKDRSNRqoXTa53NMxn0+d6/P5wv0JuBrE6wiRdJqkOCQWTVE26x2vdrAsiyHg62hwTf3AzkoH1TSilaRcXynvB+1aIogBvOJJunw48Zbuvfz46WHP5xBJuvnNuzu0p0jDVApO9VZ39yG7kj51jf1xAE620AA0xwbyhd5YhYAFmu1miD4gqA8ny8BACF8QYI+cDCknUKZzcyYGZpWW51FgmJZO1GoRkvRatQGGdGJ6i+67Hbuk7ReNw6at9PtJ7tHlg50Jr97e6nzBtrhNnABw1oWrx5pgC17S3ISURLn/0o4phyovxUB8pZQrchHEEA0ggkKIDxEEJIf+oYQBgHSjN1eJNTQwpCFEhQQq70ITjyWgfCNDkJWHBIF6HRyVquesH88VDcaNkYil1y7Ntyx9446Jx4Nvx6+8GJgALs9gPWMXDraIayobw6UNIt30v7UEYc6+wwAegFgOhSqhVYAYCZiAYAhIY4ABsTigfj1TkIDR6vsdj+4H2MBwTQzerbIsyxeAn6oqtgMVnEDjZOimMKHXcRMtv9Qf5JJL/8Onr7xjl7clWMD97D2dqy7CWtbHGg60gD7DvjJZJ3d5X8H4pOTWxs5AOhPC6FQyB3OVXK5FQu0IKJ7geSHsh+K38CrjUpumdTr9RwPjV9BmzLiKnU+hNzkQoGGLhr4DakNVrBDdorDU38opfvcDkWx9NIj7Gtc3yYH1ssHuo/m7k5ZeTeA2rONXEQEKIQEx0+VSi7id1lqc3NzCGAAAZyD8J1LTG7MZrLQw5EqsIoFaFlwXM3Vai4/v7oAzR2prpdmgtLjeoLIFp5LDjqPQw3wo0vY8QaI/q9Pi6T1zDk04nz7anJsawYUyPv9QlD4b2VjI5fLpV2WIAAECQag/IoWEBDOVCA7ZgsFtPpkJI0MTun1eQj18OwqWoti1Lher4X+xGDX47gx+6l8iNs+yKavxe8bhfBe+ZB0/dKGfpLuzL/a+nN7+/nOez4dcr89r9j5czaz4kpb3MAPha5Ir7d3bi7xrJLJZFR4SqtSgwSNDKOnKBaSZWglt6o1qrRoP4O2WqVHbaA/VTa7c3iE1SDZ9OvlvuMMEOuT1MvHLwqJeG/l1u1dqbIsl57f9QffPgd3LWtFB7xcAHDySR1eAPGbe1VZzcxmwG6jJQDGiBMMRXEWdPww7YXXcRWuxslSlUbekIvgOK2A1u1LBSrfXP5q/+T6mwDsnOiUK8FM95wQVYF6qnIZ6gncX3n3PzJx5VGuuPfZFQJk01ubvkBiDu2OASXOrK4iARIEhzMcR+J5HACi44fBdG42g+MUT2VLpSjtMTgfsDEvvtvdfU6BWrdDCJWvh5uwYw1QMXLhwsSppx3yvbhqOAsxu5fF3yXf/wISBAHGx8Zu/TQTT4g2JvCsggBmAGCMY4oWhssXKSrmQgNDYQ9gpFCgSdIGRvABS2yXW7q+6+n5Tmzd9v6QcmK4vgDXtngDUw7cBZj37iy2tS92H58QxrBzv/629PpUi1IuO0xvf+Ap6Th7Wt6Vhgw4PTY2HRccyADCNVNpKLCYV7MhKpbP+6m8yxJyB8M5AIvHYpmFLJQWFRjBd+9flsW2Q3Fubw7zv/bO3rWNLQ3jaGY0R9JoRt+2PuKsbxGBYWDvgmCnELlsJpGGm0XjZi5xJTTWXGOrEBYZ2CLNSCoiJBcWQcXFSEpj/QEh7rawa4MrxQY1xmTXRQqDrvHe4GbPGX3Z3thxQmAjed5CaAoL/NNzznnf57znSC98smJ/A9OmcPGOoMCnzEaDrWelyhgBBA6WVkS5EyJRmjaY4gcYCVgqE+TM2atXD1ZWVvYWHi89XkBp9Mvt0tu13Pz8o9nZJ4v/ePjPh8+fLy6hA7BPf3q6k1vLzd77Jfd29Ycf4NIy+5ffcQbrfyEY5nI6phxOF4GH49zwNg5WUhoyj1o6LOhoq8iOE8D+IOLlo2lLL9UdKpAgHTb0Htt9+mphDwrw/RLMZPZgtMvlnXS6WEz8AgEuQoCv52efLCEB/vT3ajVd3Hz0uvR2dXV17j5MA9/gFyq3vg/jyKyP+AFPTGiQMWRoZWFWHY+Fxw4gDD9keJhx9csFHaM55NYHNjFztvD+7PTUBs4WluAU+LLdLqPWhHQxkfjbc1jy/ZjO5dKvnyw+hACj0SIEWEyX5n77bRWuzn/+d5687N4jH4aMHHOD+heEkrEYF49U6j5G9YBuI2MfR4BoTakLkULSro9l+G/qybVOE3O+t8/MzFgx/9njBw/2YK5dLtd0BW4mFn9citZ2cjup2ubiIiz4otV0enOzmPv1r3Orc7/em7/f64K5vAXCbHF2eni3saOjmKguC1g/tgzAVqfjGVOAaA5aFiIxloIMrVTF15+6YJgJwgz/c+vM+bOXK+12O5Wq1ooQYCK6VE1BnDupVK2aWHwMK+YoBFjUs+w/zc/Pzv9uJa8qEPL7qtucxgEg8rhYyHDZ5QxR2KV1ua+dj3twPV6BAKsvipuJzaUWfF8upyDAWiKReArrvWqtWi6tza2t3b/3aH72Q/6iA9jLn+uaHUwuQMQwGWscK5TJRAwl2CdA4ActBLCMAL6IJhJLCGa5vYIUWI1G4SrTarVSpVJprVRC11P8iyCuKpBZ1igw2QDhdCgkC7JQp00m7LICifx5GzFrIYDPotEWeoBIUy9hID+xBcVYLumxlltbe2MlryiQYSU/mHiAqETFpg9lfsuHGI4UCIu93fM//jj9iPjBQMO51Wq3t09Py6nai2cvotXUNqKXzv1n9/xgd4Bv+BFMUqLBBACkvJARpW8amilABT5d1FtDRzKvOHGTtU8AQcC8Hnwmf/Cx+uznn88Otk8DuzBcM3n4+q4IAda2t7dLbz68C3lcGI6RlxXIZCQfmACAXokXgKuB7svFVQ7sN9zXbr47OrKoeHDGOpgLQ27d+sJ3352l3+QteSuG6Zvk8HXG/bFVrNbenh5g+bw94BgUbsPMnKlITjAJAENaXAQdYR++jaO91xuPlDK2fVmMe/SKjLD0skOkRIYhrBfqZhQm8p3j/AOJ4f0Wch8s3HwWbNCPyoTU/tVs9hjHYieiF4CKqBVIURgfgLQYiQgZTRC2VFEjwVQz1qSA/Lk7+7xZmYu7rWHztBMbVcsXDJxB8eKz5vOjaQ8VbrYpR6DXhMAEpUGOjNMZrRNRSABMpNDBl9XxAcighDgrONWgoqlkhVb4BkWp9c87m+4sJx4JdNhKXIY2UiDkF8BGT8PuZ70JgcKATRp9T1PNQzXC7+tzCA1obcyGMFlAlocjie8jJwHEJe5WqdlyQ+L65tflBrUezP7wHi28FzrI3cFkpxm8sMxTqsp6IoxJ30EfO4BfO/xp4FNEuRskR8bNMNkmXIPhfVmBvQeMyTS00e9aeHjxcFrSkpk44FlgFo/Xw3cBYB+jwssnU+a+6TCs93r8PqVAvYHcIzmAeUiJ8cFskKIATgJSf/JPhAJZsYuD3t1LTpEwC4LlJvOrYhnulaOdUd18IK5RIB74Jj7z9w6wGdIqpNwwwZldaFCx7H7hJvOLjxSSlqH51dsZ/aQCCRJ3fqsDNN8twIyiKM5Ys0kX6hIGwvsbEVoOBCI3/o0LmV+6gYhROj/iGgXiPi0JJhxgMh6Ph1RXLKtpx1thRo4cZ0VHiPusgYjML9bun/JjV3ybCwrEaY0Fkw5Qn9k5XrIBu8RkpwCu0UlJuo1uzMmYepylTDh2jQKt/m94gOb7ngNxL0oH7QAmvcDFAN9t635+43Bgfv2vAq1UpA7uCMCvVS4OAFEpXDK/hgocHaDB3bCQo73oELXDTQHaeWcAmiswSyORDUBnfCAcvOaudt382nAOdNgfv6MDIIECl81wBfhZyULzxKZK9TsCENcKKh0WG/Bt/Uj1dni9CfzTWgx2ZF4J9IwbfU/ZcuEAjfOwoGoxfT9JCwhJp3YHADImk8mqxSVq6wT9ai3DqkEp0Lmp9Tvs6A7NrysHaIJcobG8j24xCUpA9tql8MQDZA4jETnDdSLJZgGZruG6VMlw6ueyG+86ZOjGGHxwgKZXvjiTmrzV7XqcgFdAt6Dwd0GBuMkUaLq1ZXa94cxQ3oAYp2ziLY4FurMcl/XyF39PysYLbj9fsC5nwL4ZEDHef0fmQFDnlTDAN4BCb/FxUwg93SYCcbX7f8sMxiqN+R7DAHgHADIZlM6ErKgdJMMAN2s2AH5RHPFyHNSP4eLsW+eP3NJRJGwAvG1ujTyWdV6uOwsc2lJ2iPsB6ZA3FHjbYGVZVk6OhDgnNrp6lRYLcVkZMwB+SUQ2uoKbbWx4pn3TirwlV5qkAfBLgj7qWqAYze5MoND1h5VC0BjCRhpjhAHQAGgANAAaYQA0ABoADYAGQAOgAdAAaAA0ABoADYAGQAOgAdAAaAA0ABoADYBGGAANgAZAA6ARXwTwv5IyXV8uvya5AAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

Custom hillshading in a 3D surface plot

![3D plots as
subplots](data:image/png;base64,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)

3D plots as subplots

![3D surface
\(colormap\)](data:image/png;base64,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)

3D surface (colormap)

![3D surface with polar
coordinates](data:image/png;base64,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