# matplotlib.pyplot.figure

matplotlib.pyplot.figure(num=None, figsize=None, dpi=None, facecolor=None,
edgecolor=None, frameon=True, FigureClass=<class 'matplotlib.figure.Figure'>,
clear=False, **kwargs)[source]

    
Create a new figure, or activate an existing figure.

Parameters

    
numint or str or `Figure`, optional

    
A unique identifier for the figure.

If a figure with that identifier already exists, this figure is made active
and returned. An integer refers to the `Figure.number` attribute, a string
refers to the figure label.

If there is no figure with the identifier or num is not given, a new figure is
created, made active and returned. If num is an int, it will be used for the
`Figure.number` attribute, otherwise, an auto-generated integer value is used
(starting at 1 and incremented for each new figure). If num is a string, the
figure label and the window title is set to this value.

figsize(float, float), default: `rcParams["figure.figsize"]` (default: `[6.4,
4.8]`)

    
Width, height in inches.

dpifloat, default: `rcParams["figure.dpi"]` (default: `100.0`)

    
The resolution of the figure in dots-per-inch.

facecolorcolor, default: `rcParams["figure.facecolor"]` (default: `'white'`)

    
The background color.

edgecolorcolor, default: `rcParams["figure.edgecolor"]` (default: `'white'`)

    
The border color.

frameonbool, default: True

    
If False, suppress drawing the figure frame.

FigureClasssubclass of `Figure`

    
Optionally use a custom `Figure` instance.

clearbool, default: False

    
If True and the figure already exists, then it is cleared.

tight_layoutbool or dict, default: `rcParams["figure.autolayout"]` (default:
`False`)

    
If `False` use subplotpars. If `True` adjust subplot parameters using
`tight_layout` with default padding. When providing a dict containing the keys
`pad`, `w_pad`, `h_pad`, and `rect`, the default `tight_layout` paddings will
be overridden.

constrained_layoutbool, default: `rcParams["figure.constrained_layout.use"]`
(default: `False`)

    
If `True` use constrained layout to adjust positioning of plot elements. Like
`tight_layout`, but designed to be more flexible. See Constrained Layout Guide
for examples. (Note: does not work with `add_subplot` or `subplot2grid`.)

**kwargs : optional

    
See `Figure` for other possible arguments.

Returns

    
`Figure`

    
The `Figure` instance returned will also be passed to new_figure_manager in
the backends, which allows to hook custom `Figure` classes into the pyplot
interface. Additional kwargs will be passed to the `Figure` init function.

#### Notes

If you are creating many figures, make sure you explicitly call `pyplot.close`
on the figures you are not using, because this will enable pyplot to properly
clean up the memory.

`rcParams` defines the default values, which can be modified in the
matplotlibrc file.

## Examples using `matplotlib.pyplot.figure`

![Curve with error
band](data:image/png;base64,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)

Curve with error band

![Errorbar limit
selection](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAAC2VBMVEVHcEyIiIjs7OyDg4OLi4uAgIDz8/P////8/fzm5ubu7u719fX4+Pjq6ur//v7+/v7w8PDp6en7/Pv/lTf/mD36+/r//vzQ0ND5+fnT09PZ2dlUslS5ublDjcDW1tZ9fX2bm5uCgoJKkcKsrKx6enp0dHS8vLyTk5P/+/iwsLDp8vjy+Pvf39///Pv7/f7/9OonnieRkZH3/Pd3d3eenp7eT1Dc3Nz99PTx8fHeUlPdS0z/nUfY7dj/mkFzwHNmZmb/8OP09PRPlMRZtFn/pFTk8+Tkc3P76en4+/3jbG3ExMSix+COjo7/vYOtzeT/5c6t2q3MzMzsnJzCwsLr9uuYmJj/+fPqjY7/uXwuoS7FxcX/7dzfV1eFtdbgW1xPsE/mfn7hYWKFhYVsbGz/6tf/0Kb29va0tLSgoKBet15gnsrrlZXe8N7/2LX/9u7V5vHa6fP/4slpu2nw+PCJyolam8ju9fr43NxTl8ZgYGBUVFTk5OTVHh+n2KeZwd3/q2L0xMT/3L3zvb6/v7/0+vSc0pz/qFvxs7P419f/1K7/oU02pTbOzs6KuNiCx4Juvm5Gj8HwrK1+sdT30tP77Oz53+DQ4+9HrEf++PjyuLiRvNqjo6P/wYpxcXH/yJcinCL/38N6xHpkuWS10ub/xZGKior1ysvh4eH65OXE5cTmeXriZ2j/y52437iQzZC71ujGxsb/6NNwcHBloctrpc5zq9GlpaXn8fez3bOi1aLpiYr2zs7l5eXKysq94b3ohYXU7NTf7PX/rmd3rdL/tXPtoaHXLC3aOTo5h73/kC3j4+PIyMjj7vbo8vTG3ezvp6ioqKjH5se/2OqV0JX/sWz98vL/fw3K3+7/eALcQ0Smpqb88PDO6c7Q6tBvqM//t3g8pzzngIEnfLfupKTHx8fC2ur/s3D/hBj/jSdHR0fE2+vB48E6OjrK58r/iiL/dQDM6MzngoP/sm92+R+nAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAGepJREFUeNrsnP1PW9cZx5Nt2aVLgyfuhU61XCm30erg+WVsaZOZyyxjVkuubTYRYua4rAnOhIfxC9izumDPGXi1qcHyWlg9y7wYVaMyMAsjQych3laBhpBCEGTZwBlZXoTWNMpfsGuc8BKcDHyv4QLn+4Mx51q2zkfnOd/nee6xjxxZEwS0XR1JKsAFAAQAAUAAEAgABAABQAAQCAAEAAFAABAIAAQAAUAAEAgABAABQAAQCAAEAAFAABCIKMCzLx0OfTNdAE9d+sZh0LGT6QJ48uVDEaPfPpougF8/eygAngAAAUAAEAAEAAHAHSlXBgASko5BAwAJAUQBwO0pGgUACUmlSjqsR8EeuE2A7q1jHLNexmABgDsEyBHn6u7KrKolDYpa0MkoALgtuVWsaEufxOeNmFCPUBMZ90lmdVFzCwjhZ0ST5G6J1FydzO2ZFDKEmiWVVbaiN7M4wESeC5Ch2/CfWd/nWzKhaMRtGhhliWnAhf8/QDQBUDw6Ixk3CVGTV3J3Gl9wbjdIpLcnVJe7IHNrhELLkrVPz3qRC+MaHQcAN0rcIplkCC39bllL7rbyQNBMWBdrxhpBhZFJ2bQ4ydVgEADcrGnZho0v966v32MZkOhYEKoH7axtaeVJBseJ9qk0HotXphdvNBEqADz7yk+PUxfgjAWHNxr0mjwmVXCakzyN2VuAf7r8+reoC3DBIxu3oBrf7DNtlhUWZQCevvx9HOB3rhyjHkDWisqz3G+dMZP4nuQDzLpy6w0IunXy/StUs48l1KLyWUh+W/IBfu/NN35ItRDmtFg1Ho1Vx4EWqA/w7+/cepkCAMVraZ15ViVEB2TRTS5MYYAUSWO8kvXAda9bxMY8EAB8kQYkeIXmM3n6JXpOOj/nwAIcX/IK0fEgXtvSIABwx/nK7Pgyw73A2oWPOoAAxTNe1OLTSHbn0w4aQE6LWyhUtXCgcSsAuGPR9D4L6k1YrheswB2XGlaTZ6CPtSUPBABfvOP5VivbqETjiQTNu79n7HuArMlcyByMeDR4qUGDAMCdu4ZHMuAxWUehXcXHzjwoAHWqZaFPv1vcmAK5Xd0Vs/H5ggMB0CwzoeOT02nHVqo0aEPSew4+jPBFjnt+dQBm7n+AnAUvvvGZOYy0AcwsVWoDirEEt7FYl7pdyS3NiV+pQPZ9CEclJlQVv4/BMkXT8PalgvbAPRGCPECkAadBUM3M3HQ5jOTsa4DilQFPf/BJxicm1zxyuHK1Al90/DG/M8xUSJO+aH8DnLYK0+Mb1WGt38bHEIdUbeAmhp4DsALZt2mMeDbCiPSRXmVwDaF7LgxzTYTalewN48kB2udECvW+A7jihSC9Tyi0km0aAq1UhNwX+bUV1VuuSZMCVD68OW/fdwD7LH39noEVUhcfW+BUuGDXhFMJK5Ndl7pEjnCScfVN6b4LYf3AsklCpuEyleoJPixSaAVxQ0CScYKc8zddpcnAq6v3F0DO3QgqNJF3b6M0HBrjww6/nfs0PYErkr5w7r5y92vhr106QS5As8QitEaDJpK8Vt5lwxBbV/uGHY/Jdcm5OUnNZfebCRnn338Vf8w4SRJAvcqjCeI7X3SBhCQvHHBgyFhIznzGRxB4ysamSDfm9OlLr0HQrWOkHO3gzPYzvDqS4rZdwcewqTAzyTX/uq3uOcCjp/77DkkrMFeCZy3kGIfAOYbwY/ZqAz+5o/AV1OkHZh17jZQ9UOf19JOSMrPDXSJY1LW69Nr5z1meTOoAhM5mEQcoDmo8KjJit9qu4CNj6if9O2a7i82EyBQF0xiZHopahZat3x1KIXDVeOAq7OupnBrBMPVBB9iv8nois4STPmbYvxq4G801kzv11ZTgYAMUBycn3YR7LWxDPHCdW1nZ72uhgwzQLBGaJgmfQAtLMexhLFkNBmVWZB5ggKNuj6aPEyEGsKKLj8zZmY8D0K6IQgBbBhgDLfjfKIFDVYKQCLZp40Xa3CEDyOnTeNyjxObCVTtgh3q1l5yjnZNquYcHIEtiEUqIncuodtpgUeipa+TMzc/DhwbgtA9dbRcQKHPtc4ira2PnSTA1r00ftey6GuoA1I0zlgg1WpiGGIL55c+MaqVpXHbFbbUUARjvtqgIbX1hP4YoDOw0kaovSjI00nObV9a99wBZkajMIrQSqdiq1SL4vrM0fUutt7Uk8YRWU/Wv4bobTcZCemFlK6+xsWnvAeqXGaYgkXPg8hjsCgnS6RWPytoKrg8O1XbEuXUaC2qHeharSvKKWtsaF/caoN7LWJ4lcKiAG3IhMXkOVIoJmOlgl1UzMtjbyivj0QuaeuuGR4pq8tYv9vAa9ngPXFhieGdMKTsvu/0xLFq9M1bBx7AJEqqzvIz15zVVww0dnfTCgt4CHq+1KMmracP1ewkwnjT7piEoVX6CAB+RPrkNyR5LuRm/ab0Zb6xiLHpUF9/mOpuGuouyccOgtw1SLg9kyQglzUz7GOzQrvsGdypGQsDWtTX29PQ2V9ILOxqG89eWF3S9lkYxgLlW1EQgaVb6Mcy/+VatkrAJ06qKG3llZcbewcUSilcio25G/92UnaNUa4NtdnItIzu/uKmw0HibxzNSv5RrGU+0W1JdfAi/i9Rucv1iXQe9sLnhUQlUzGvMpzhA2kq/J/Wag223PZxqJ2HxZQ1nJ5z2UUMBvuENjSSKWlpBA2WaCcfffGkrQHHQhKZec3BDfCwQEJFSxfLqaCXdN5rplU3F+RsyuwwaZQC+cv7U7+J/L60BXLBKhBZZyjVHOAaLtEym08YlXrMV3ebdNtIrawersqjbznr16GkI+vC7l48/HXAva/pSvcnG1DrgiXinJfAAnnISddu6ctxtm4vIPFWdBoA//8EvIeg/p3+8BtCnSTl2AxgWSNS6XPgrF5E9sP5RbyW9oKGR1zhCqo2TD/A3J14/ujmEzSkeypVP4CnzGjT7VDjlWZb04Hbb1I1neQ1tNyCKA/zL0fNknA9kOkVwbBOyFLsuGflDzeXGhpGEY9QP1VMd4LbbWS8sd7swfohQn6rqy1Ve1/HA7SguSl/Hi4oAMw1zeMVBrMmcZbxdVTLYgRtudw2UTlEPYCkeu9IKwt0BHq+VbhwayYLSLKoB5HZh87FqorOqGsLdtrE7bdT++Ku3qQmwIgY7DA6C9yOLio3lHR08Xmde2gD+7eovqAjQYIPvhdlSke1x6vZR01NQbiwugfIKy/LTxu+DL65e/YRqAJlOF+IXQFCO9ObNFA/MQ/XDHeWdQwnLHRlMG7/MP3z+jzvXqAUQLzn4oUSpW4o9SGkB5l1volc2VO3KLyd8fI5aJqJUwCLt2qqrMOxoMsNV+EP2Ym1hYW/6PfdpDJ+h0jfWDWPwnDzluYyUNefl36ik136ZDe2aPjhDmRXI1OJZnzL1qeRVtpXR6U3dRB33o7d28GL2pz+iyI9OVIcwLEQk66tv4JWVlROvNd469+9tcPvo159+cufCZ+9dPHOOEnmgQBrvlBKYdn4vvbOcx6sjHpMXrl699tys+e0Pfvv7n33+k3fPnbv47nufXbhz7a8f/5MCv5kgf/zAZiAw55pBI71pkTZSZswgzO/PF7/4H3nX/pRWdscHBA/4CIJvpKDhYdzFjQQvAtlIMlYoGTqJAmE1DIg2qIPTNokzjK8pC8lqq6NL1VXHdd04iRqpqetM3cRHyHSi7sYfNM3Qrrqdxpp2dyebdqd/Qe9FMRI3iVwIYvJ1vJc5HJ3Lh+/zc77n3mXpjq+yu9M665TqIJHOIC8x2S1Nw6uHQqWUS3j/g7i7Xyag/sSEr6tTBk5f3IrCfkqmC2p3HdiudIPrTgckcizrGi1mmSszxGphJGm+ev4PPz2HsmhTNQykVN8JaMYHmT1+rqlRI9eJdVJTj9l1QGMKQTIBjhxHz50Bx7/961dX0RBVT67o20YDTIsCqBOsdlpNUoNIJNfYpzo2dW5SE3IAHv/YkzSf+8qnRQ6Su0TLv1WZ8qAqwOiBnPZ5ORxbDWvrlk6vawo5AH/xj9ityJHwc5/S59sP71Cu5+pzbx8J7I3uVqdm5SKRtNDa5PqR6BxaJnz+N7F30VKlqq5+fWXe5cCS8x2WQgeklS42PSeNNjnkI+ZQATABqTlQ97ZQWvuLiqoDyPAlyKwaA6QrsZu7nz/JXl+vdQUbwCSi8EcAPHPu6LFPUNccqobKrqKi5vsBAq97uNFpEBucPcPdLyGupHNNQTdhWil7x5b/w1fjfvdb1DXHu9X6ttsX2/pbAwKe2V6iEzs0VtluSEeZJfg+MB5UTHgDCJdsH6Buwz1yu01fjTQTVOWq/EZPZi3RQnKTZTVwruBV9Mawsd5PtHkvFnVPgepWXl4DKuAGF58dMS/KIYMUcgU2Awo8gMkSOsHrmUpnP7l7Ft0ix51Wfdt1dCTpKjQ3td1wp0w6SG7vBFM6EOoA9o5jCrxM+ONvvv3Ppyhsd/SCvhptynxgsr5e5NG1jp4SkXbN2oG8ntKGPIA70pjDsf/9ny87OfKR5bT8y3mVDeh5vky7VjqLcHaZ5nW52GBqz9ky40HzfgMQvH/UFws+Utml+vsVfe59/xY4StbhCm1Qo4Oki51Pv76eufm5xn0HIPBplfIW0pRxw+9yd03TMyLSOq3eATdhpF6auf8A9EWqHmYVNfu9Ji6zL887Ctt3pp7D8mHwOgP4bmuKPivrgn8l22qPVOywBxio/QAg6X4uHHdVXc3+2G+OZQTSzXaCYEnoAHjp5kDKZSRnfoy+KaN70AnpTE0giBIqAKoup1Te9I9mzmzXaLWT7YcAePMArKqGSw6/FtcSzCadaM2SA4ItIQAg6UmuvtW/uNs5a4BGrC6wB7LnAB4ZhV2fXzyzbNEhljaugr2RPQSQdLkKYVsqT/vj+nKsSMoiA3smewjgaP/AAz9dn1kj0nqxLm8SgKqurKwUf7ZduRod4pFBl1j2RgJIeFzZ39yci/7C2ychw2IH0lcly3zzALx0szKvobK/yJeNCDnWp0B12A2Qsx1prTEbtAbngTcMQNWtlIHRI+BOUbUvV1pYv8lDZQ6uQQ5P1O2WP21MS4oMshgJewFg/g192313b8HXvhCmU3P180iFK5vVQZptxdrwvKc1UjiNDbJETycFHcA7rforqCJHo265ZPCQZUQs7/EuN8yeDJCcFHT7jYkIMoD32/RoqdIDFoesUCsyPZ9nIW92mf/699sG70VsvaS63xecoG5Q3STqFuDhdQAYBe6XLcmeKEeFrYT4kkxCGFQA40c36RZ0VEHhHCS1vKiTwAPg3w5uG+TRYJgI8aCcljQ+jaScLCoMYBSgkACVrBCCqCh4rEIJKFQWIBkBtaaFYkQe00mKHBfwjI9SQwfAiw3+1Bwd61rt7DB4Ybglx7/zNiL/Oug+ve2+TUO6hF1M5LMLGLVjEgYfCwCDzrsnwafxWDFqzvdqGkMdCYz8KGofmx+jCKOlfjeTkbaCxQF1Mov2fUU468QLLyv8VQBIVC88A+APFy6qHqRcuI16lajJKZZbu182i5zw0U9g+fCLf36InL/4CzKoWKljpdOGGBMZQDKdTkMA5FNrTtQMYcYYdBbITksmADIflM4sMCYkPMnCNcBJr6WzAb6AT2UAwCcHXwOJio1/uXXPhEt5/ZUpuT+gJkl7HGLnbjhScvzPPoflrT8efAs5f+6+QxdupY7vBnAJ9BkrMmAThgHkA3Ykz8agswlCZY0ACNkIgKyKUjp1BhNdM1ZLHzeWtbCpbEDhRwRfA0EBDj7QH417tP9BVlER6p0IskKRdr1jV1M9PvCj7T5wYnzDhAVlSoUxwwY7RYGCqwC4yN6Z9GhFekZpGAyRgiroYykiSvEZ1FQjA1cWk46XUHHh+Gz6NcIe+MAWHnywrUg8vTHVRc3Nj1HWayViuWW3lZoHwF/9yatmTNr4jd+MuaTNH/cDnY0E971ZuAWAgiAVSUDeQiZGuScaWwQg+BoYzaht8TLh/K7+XDTuL6fHIJ40734+OYib5V6lBsacLOZ6B5HRLhSE6bBJpFv0iSXdAwDDg5PGkHzucTkwOCKWWnxkWTYBPHP2+Nlf7mcN3DWh+gKizwBpfF/Z3QTwsz/HvrdzC9lQoqDOe4RSR5wm7w8N9Nl2DY1o1oc8Jnzq2HaYhEAYHs0lcXjkiHAyOYpLAtwhN5URoa4pSyVOC0F4EhBgXxsNbC+B5grR8Xvk+DOnYPnsXOwpt7jtmIsHGEUNvleZOqFMY5RhWBnljN4TTAWPRwTZJ9WScj5IX1jBsaivhQZmWh1ijUzeg04dyO+cio2LizsW+00cIrHutmwBA4RhKgC7PLvChhcsVdxLo7E4UUomk4kFqTYFB5SB9PLaa5Ly10ADXXadaLaDZHKUTHYAP0z4/HYTriu7V4PBU/m01GwOfoi5NMTCJtbMKJeYS1ig5vCKQRm3jFZWQI3Y9xo4bIIMPXC9m+Csr5d3g0D5QELvNZ5agk+kcmzJTOzCIyxzISx1886GnGQaFdBKMdzkMBxxn2tg05pYOrjh+lzQ/DDwA8Cz//7ymYeLMDP2eR74XJfnOVvkYufTkqPdAvwB8PD5U596txRHGl8VgHurgS6DO1rkwK6vUBaAT/P6ViLPkcn65Q6EbTE05gTk02wCqLr+5HF+kADcUw1sn5+bl06K5YOBWtXdAJCUX911a2evVzKHzvUeiSwuPtniPbSCVCbhvdFjz/6xslgZGXIamDM1Dy07zYFTB48JV+VtL+GE4UPRLTajLb0umlswQ7QZk5TFBAKFQhGWSxi9My0CeIrRtrGUxOZiafeE4xHUiEQbVjkEkmlYZCZBqajt5SzQI4VDoEUZHyIa2N1jEAfE9T0FkKI6jciNLvepwW3HmJlEBbNWrVBmZ3P4mD68Irs3jGZcweCuEUHFGG98pgwolDx1n3sZgkXnp/ZRWYmlnFp1zQQ7UZJBXMDgMDbAxXG/s7Hoj3jKNFx6SGjg6qJWZ88JrEMiE6racmEZeIgcc9vcTz3CJSbzmCuAj1QiaXXMJSK+BV8RQ8vOzibDlQhvDKlEMmoVDCUymUHDA14GIxnDSY0cB3y6QvH/9s7mtXEjCuBYjjKyY1e2ITijFZKCPoxBKagWwg0Lwpcta3xxtGIhlGJssA05trDY6SFUh+zBt2ygIHzoIaikF+NDD61FT0uhvvi66V6W7CWwl/0PKm/sxmFbkkkjO6R6Pkjg52H0m/dm5o3ejGWGa6ouYEJwHVSpsol3Q5k7YIHjSfN3t57LPHXhh7MurJpKmK/RuGROIxG5p5epoesujyORIqgZLUuQXKye8ly40zW6HTEdpjmsC7qwfKTEh+7QAQzuATTVUGikdJiFW+Cz37xJsw9D4hTg6wezNtLkO7zARQZp6PTyFJXvMSY9edGRdjoDAFU+nlTtaMgbY4wCkxmmrPhQhnULGI5tx881sbfxtyDRHJWJrAkXbIG/Ptp8788+hAnAhz88+Ob1pS8a0tU/JuFNEj3nboHj5ZYdv7YQTQB+9uTrJ/4dP7vQeeA45jj1Lxn8vkciL7Y+/2r/ex+fZgLw8OXpy4/7iH87qyc267nE1U1ArvlvgZPY/TLAw6ebj/f8PSB2AvDF1qu9j3qJXeXivhO7uDeEi3UsOTNI/3PJVhYA2x3flRzDdwtkxPNjT6ozAA+ON48P/PanqQs/m93VL3P0bhlYlK5uEzQnr5xkE21ca3DJcRIPnW+zBcBohWKE5yiZ/QMyvA1VrT6yEwCUORdII57c5VgbAMWImw2Q0wwsaw+zDaJndnyywLDrVr2KQ7EwM/D+Moftk8lPD48rlcqbx79XxnLeYjmOMpbILjwrdiXdwo4ygpqzLL2YB4RA4wabTYEmHxGMttFNhyzTxDmdZum+64W+6VFrt9VgeyzdbQKQMfAGbuCwy7SNtiUOW7TjE0Bh12EBoLnW36twT7+cyyasZOrHrbG8f/XhsvMhzIYlRVKACEWwVMzidCuj9tYHazZbBvU+yI4ynhnZjThrLIGcEfLiPaOjrIoYh1NgrWq2oRA7OREBr3oApS5oNMNMDuJAJJSeVB2R/gAs0XTpkgvvVx7tHMwD4MSFn8+4MGnw+rDWbFNndp/JLmWamaymmJ0GfgKIo0yXCXk927ao6MN2k2XCFsdZbqnep7IiDZZ1/iydW242SmZLHbuwkhGhAEXIgn7Me0hO8AlgBMeTlwaR/W/P08PnBHBjb/PPi8Feo2UAi9QKtJxU0aqDbSmRlzSj5wVudYkB8riS7lA2WAmLydHBIJp3CA2TXG+8ky24rBERrC51vAdyEjFPXyt4H0ARDlaWEnObB1amGxTmAvD58U9vkCNFSN/leeAXp+R8+sAPl082wMa8dt7c0dyYGwqGxeqexMZSn49ECvcJIIHF5y15cJ8ALkb8A4hHiakAAkVINHU07VtXj4T9Ahhi8YkILRxB1vu1dRR1PYdSOo5UFzynX1UXQfEL4EXbxVkkA5RsEkW9BFFKX83FUNSZpSvrAnwDOLOsjqTekZDUeQdFm+SQVp4Ho//YRd4KQBItR59AW1xH/GtltLqQxF0A+H+W2wBIjMIICbQxNbSNVHxZQbESpsQjWOyKGkovHuCQLYvX3wsdg7K+jBJ/CC2EdyHR2s8MQuF0dSguHuAJD0SULPgOi9BPrSqGgJD+x7xTcwjZvI6uNxcPMMuBGoJNQRYlXzlay70rXl+dagEWXl99ZCdrqYUDTIqCev1+J3/GjlAySsl4DkF9tRrGERrTFUMKuXCAIC+jDDmypiHNHcgEivaqhpTvm9SIxbtwMI0JAAYAA4ABwABgADAAGAAMAAYAA4ABwABgADAAGMgNAP4F2p4Go1W6ypcAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Errorbar limit selection

![EventCollection
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

EventCollection Demo

![Filled
polygon](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAAApVBMVEVHcEzt7e3V1dW6uroadLMddrTQ0NAfd7T////+/v+xsbEWcrHExMTi4uL9/v4le7b5+/whebUzg7srf7jT5PClyOH1+Pvb6fPq8viAstVEjsHj7vawz+WKuNg8ib5bnMibwt5MksO41OdTl8bM4O51q9HA2erw9fljoMvH3exrps6TvdulpaWcnJzc3Nzo6OjCwsK/v7+3t7fLy8uBgYGRkZFzc3OUnwu2AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAADWZJREFUeNrsnQl32ygQx3tAhKItuoXu+3aTbtvtfv+PtkhOLB+yLSexZbTwXltelCr1rwMzDH+GT58ubGjh7dO1GwfIAXKAHCAHyAFygBwgB8gBcoAcIAfIAXKAHCAHyAFygBwgB8gBcoAcIAfIAXKAHCAHyAFygG8DqHxhqT3juwP47fsDQ+3p8/0B/IulsfqTA3xf+3pXAPHvB4R+cIBvBvjj30f8+ftPDvDNAP88VcrD3xzgm+fAL898DnyfExGvBtBS/hcAr+WFFTuKK5EDfHNbaaruEg7wbc1WkKFDqbaQbXGAF7eKuLEXAAFquZcFnsIBXtgCXdA1HQqUoCbIGuEAL2y5DGkTaKO/S5HFAV5qgbKwaZBb4BtcCEnAK0CwInwOnDx0q00M8woQDvZneBzgyUZSLWh6ayNlOFig0/RzoFe6bVNxgMebGAAIQ7u3PyhsTYJrGzRpTzc4wGMttVGjQqnAqPQ6LzwAlCIFlQQRDUiZhRqDAxxpjSk7aUQjZ9309SKtpW0LVOM0rNOCDmq4St3ItznAw7hFGgK/194WQrj99N3jeIkAfbDH7HiTXG6BIxaYqBP5QS3JOcDDrSkrAtP4CSbmTmSsFRMByiX3wmNzoCNPnARBEhAO8KDF0nQnonGAh1OgKUEwhSH9JinkAA+b2QqR456dBkHtaG6xMID4AX+AtAM7BvKFMzYIaAgY+wtzIvj3P0r1+CHSjrMTofQxqdX7Aqg8/fvD+vkh0g7f0U8SBFngLQ8gQl+UC4bw6SjYASdDwOZ0OoxVgBdIO7AXEfzW5cjpRQheOYq4dC+MiwS4rXJiQXx6CIfJ0URMnmh6ki4boNW5CUEKMBrbprQwSuE5J5LYSBnhT79muxKgLkZRFgvQMhLDagEN5SyS5PsIFTtLlRU4m4mhrwgsvD/yncLKdQhl+op2gqKLSYC4DmHo0gUvlF3ai/Y+ptM91c8uRbpX6OFeOqsM9e6dHV9Xl0N/mQBFOnpBnzWFAPTjeHdHBEI4JadKX9GN491NZFfq3tm/GoIJoSKbFhjtbLRl+xY4OZcgCPquBYqNvPN4oRaIcn+TsIKqme9ZoJFqU9NZxf7mcNW0wyZy1njLAojJMAtKm0+5sb9BteFI0xKqw5aSbb/Goc3wf7Oxv8pbAkCRpFq5/iReufER1F2SPub1cs1fB9aeEU61QIf0LrwidbvuWWTIZoOa9PapECchNvsAlUyGci32c+BWyhnKWf/RC/o06T+wI0+dAaG8ngNTXVX1Pr1f6lvxtyqb/ZSgyYIcMw5QoR90RR2kSXsYmdtDVFrRSVHpfK8U0J6FSnV6RprCJx6yQwDcChGCqu08ItA85NGAOpI6RYhtsAsQG6Ze5vSzgczw9TRPwE5iLy910+ikCGFT6rHRguleWDWNrDbiLvCjr4gMc3eIB0aRGJ3HAo7huGM+hQ2AVgKhut7sVdXX3hYF9dTTMwTV9a/t3vhTFcKYWQsMJOFlbUv/OFjlDl8be3pmGoSCsBEAj7x68zVqhWM6EEYsMNMuw3KVJmvMWiCqcn12gqCuFHa9sJWA2QHGDHthP5h/CIPQzFkFSCOx+adAoYtCWQVIF7dAmtUIgQSA2jALsE1gFMkzEgRu7cqZya4TIXUltvP5ESinyC/w/TuRb99OJBOK+SZCoJZsJBO+PH22/jqiTFCcei4ThFrrswHw+VH5fFwbY7szEQQBKwnVp0frhLRjNoASMwBPJlSdaC43DPXaZx0gRtiZz4nALgQUGQYoktrGPIx5ezqrTUA2byAdRiHDgXS/lAOzL+VkZpdyFk8mvNMC7ySdZbDrha2MJ1TfldJv7iGlP1Y4im8qXbADqi11W/OKfmNr0xOyvK2Z0FB2rXiR5dfeTYxOVruf+NJT2bXATtphbKQdxq226MCqk3aknbQjMBw399j1worRiYsEGolhY09cdEV+mods0kWhvbiILELehvflbdccwPpy5G39yaRUW+ujRO8mUQ2ovReBZZCRahESX+9Q4ntNDzxIfO2FqfRz8xZjGGTlwkTmg/3dxgvDpR5zwPENsluLPmjThsBNrjuKYZhoiz3qhSySEOuqGf7+sGFh4YUCpKFFf9z1mjE0QZjB467fHvAFB66vN4ahnjF54Fr5/v158n0i4hX32U9IEe4c4K8v02+0mVqk7S0WaLIJED38mly1A8fFNfc/nJxJgBdU7biuUAGcKYvCuhe2CxsFVw1jNAP5q6UCxEEN6uKq2yQQZIWrt+VCAdLRK11bc95LEfKFAryR2Pe4sJd1gKZzGylCsDQLVG4QAo4FgyJeBEDFyLz1J1G88AYAgaO8/DizVfACJL61C9xe5Ihb9xabSlB3+3QWSTTZNVkHWPXyBCnuet0G5222NQlSLFRlUidKwBbT4iKXVHTeA61l0N6tUvqqb61qy9AgFEwrjtg9L2xFGgxdVXipNubeSuzbVyB7rUWmqSHT4qKh2tgNxb4QwKEWGZQZFhfdgbqNQmTWAsXcVOcXWCYNy+KiO5D4mux6YUx8+Q4s0LDZnQPle5gE5SVIfGdzIGxLfDMdapo6Jz9d0wWdXS9sl6Fhz+lHYGyvMs9i1wtj+2Yr4FEHQkevZbOejYnC2Q5cyyEb2RjluTqRD+xW9TMZYFsp9w9QxLj6+R3h56MZ6dkOzIGYhYy09evx+e/f6PPTz2M7IbMd2QRhnLMwhMUffx5OZaRnrJkAGSk6gfERgPZKua4U4VwYaKCc4bWwEhfQWc15YhNEq0gPSmYB1jeQIpwVKkDgMwuwuIeaCUBImQU4X92x7Xmw9dldicxWNmsLoMPyUu4mUoRzQgWGvXCR3cMQrk3uRD5c7cZOGeR1GAMlcBDQQOm1xi/twQur/dJv796509sNXl6fApYrF5mOsIppIA1CuiAOzJ28FtTileCY1MtAPY7VwrxkuAPHDDOzu8WG9hLX3L2QE7RmpPVLcKk2ay1uGPbCZr+UozZg0V68c59IgLBpIx8KEp3mTQ+l0/eQQVKhtOlcVHfdcFnuevtOXJT7XRKoW8oZPvMJVQlKbS9v20krSOuL+Rz6NOlz7sH0QfyyT1Sq8OW610beAvhyXphoAELm5W0UW7pS43Ldiwcjg6u0Fz+Wphr4PcrGnFpRQar9Lk8ven6S+b3swPMH7StI/O68sFj5begbS5D4Wik+SG2B7HWnR0w3hSGmXos2qPDzDaCxa9FIuRCN9EsVU7HKN5kZqDf7mz2VN3XZAgN7L1Wv2IMbAa1tLVSlX29ltqB2cDWkJqhTY2Nt/3JSbdBAQFkzlwmwu5x0qEU2ejnplEmw+7tJtb/mloYrlhZ8Oam6VYtMPbDArlKZOmEGlAVV37dAWVX7amP9K9SlWiBJ9ZTQeBkkRqn7ZLfAM/ZyLd664fEoP59khWHtb522EfE7MTF9RWbYSz2t2VcgA51oXzSUEcAWas5F092lht4IIM9DVSKB0EP2+bI7TF9SX+tQz5Rj3trRzxkg9R/i+KsbTVZ1Hx17vBCAyGu0E6WZbHI6lgGBd7Qoh+IVtWdN+1fc27amMh0gRXjSRALpzD7liVbZU/8Ndwbw8fESgKfauWuupTatPuLn3BFA5dfj13/+HJd2XNbO7cKrZ2yQQYDYsqrfj6fERZObb5+/ZLhbRJfGkgBe6kSOtiaWHf/8gWKw8sPItDnAEe8B4ZTTYACM68b/9wD96WfpJNfjAA8tMJuq5wdhxi1wLPE6saICFEzuREZbMRGgXHKAI80sph4MA4lD/mvv/JsThYEwPIBwAWpEWtGcreevohUSrdX7/h/tQHstbVlGqV5z9d0Z/3FNSB53k80mQwDwgwwP35XzQwAsBfh8PGF3UOGdO79+l/0IAMtduD0X+UGFthCtX+Lt1Q/2vbgeiXyWaSxE+BMuXJrTuevmxxP8ecCSGxYXR8TGZMaGMbu5thujHuuMMYlU+PHzjlGnGFf7g13kPM7899Pe+70Bju9ai2GeFHXjwvF+f57sFr/TJJwkfQCsHgq7+5y8676ktgoprNuH0zzlGwN8TZO9nFC327fBaSu/BIBJ4UVHdjjqAuCx6cFiatWfzADwWAvMZmH7b/bADmGBNbaXRLzwf9itTjy4H0cAeLwT9/LIOY+rp32GSaSeH2fue2rvvSiA/elATAMA/EQ02O2do1rtAAbnAngu0QtgJJ/YoddhAOAH41tZ3sbjh1/IAoDvABpLJVN+8JVAAFgiRoQxUNNZ+JIArhjnPP8QwpgWql0T2Vo7gK6ReplsPVIqVDKto0plHdW+HWmknQXmbyHj3KL/eSsibeLKIFWOooyJNR1SZaxIEwysvYnqB3APsWJRUUv1b+XLAbJgbZI6RUeKj4+cqo++OJsslBXzyAX00jO0BRiYprUp7ZXLlamkLO2w23SaM0nk+5SXUrloThZifL0hKW23Sl+AjrPKYurSLpmOk27KLUY5SlqUvaQpSUmuOQnwd5NqpFe1ZPp6F2bmktbRvvNkEiy4IklwslD+KJLtzAm0BnhqcS9sEvnPBQABEAABEAABEAABEAABEAABEAABEAABEAABEAABkJI/aSB/WqbQtM4AAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Filled polygon

![Linestyles](data:image/png;base64,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)

Linestyles

![Markevery
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Markevery Demo

![prop_cycle property markevery in
rcParams](data:image/png;base64,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)

prop_cycle property markevery in rcParams

![Psd
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Psd Demo

![Scatter plot with
histograms](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAABKVBMVEVHcEwbdbPu7u66uroZc7IVcbH8/f3///8fd7QddrTZ2dmxsbHq6urMzMy+vr7m5ubLysr+//8nfLe0tLTExMQjebXj4+MrfrivsbI1hLv0+fwgeLW8uLYSb7AwgbpJkMI/ir8dZ5oOba8bd7b6/P08b5P4+vwfebeDtNY6h73B2uvI3u1oo8xDjcDk7/ZzqtCKuNlOlMS20+fg7PW81umlyeGvz+Xq8vjP4u/v9vpXmcefxd/AwMBhn8qZwd2QvNoIaa1up8/U5fHc6vOrzON9sNR4rdJcnMmUvtxSlsXY5/Ln8ff19fWioaGYmJff39+srKynp6eorK+Hh4cUYZZolLPR0dGCmqt4eXnU1NUwcqBUfp0+cZVdja/W1taHpr3Y2NiOoq9DdJaVHVbhAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAFeNJREFUeNrsnXdj2kgahzNmRqPBuCAsE+BUDhOFJkRHwNLBFBuXc5xNcpty3/9L3EjGcYkLCGfXgvn9I2GKzOO3jjUzb94sKLzievO7xQAygAwgA8gAMoAMIAPIADKAsWN87OeO6dmx77VJcwNA38npiSdw4sP43LP9unS25waA/k3P1vR8dwtvn7w2T9xxBcCNi+2pbYHaGbfEl/VTWcdWI53uzc6X1b4rAHLHmob9VrTZXAZgU1X0Ij3WogipipLLrA3AGy0FcBCFUp8eG5DnAYR8jwFcTHHEo/wMIM8TkQFcHCBMj0YjFfwEqKVrtbTGAM4NkIcIIZvfFcCwjJAcZgDnB3ijK4AhAEIMoFOAfv/6APT5Nnz+FwXIR3RFUUR+PQD6ty4uzjm8cfaCAHlIRQuaUDUW41beAnfOTqen/r2TlwQ4k6jqaoNbdYC7p1tTH8aB3wCQWiJSY6ufRDTuZZPIHYT6GgB86Sx8FyArY5YCCEKlUinPADoGyBOEogoD+ITKtUYjAfgnBHMM4BNqRSF8kh8D+LRGiH9GKw5wx3e8swzA5poDjF14zqan2HfuBGAllUodwvUGyJ2enOzu4l1HrVxJAoDw6w3Qvx3wTDcctnKlZ913DWIgt0QSYQCXzMIM4N8DcMwALgWQyJ1OOskAPqD+XADtfrjOAN5TuF8qdSA/p2C6VKoXGMBbOhIRmpuf/W/jaH8l68DTneNvxw7qwEqQ8IsJlVeyE/k8DVxs4P0pA+jQhT8HNrYD+OPJ3wAwv5IWeOLxnp06cOHqwgDhoFzuH7EkYg3hjLLZgcgvKiuRFBlAC2BQQoh3Iphce4D+VDGZlwnvTKCVTCaraw0wpiIIeccCECJzvQHqS+C76uzWFGDPNE3rRQygQ4ANRECLFiIhsCzAyYoB1D5ardzdTBEOh2OzozVtJh/PZtWD9+9pBIPvl5aRtTV68r6jHfcA3DsPYO/J5x/X+vbD+/bLly+X3h/e7/T49fLy8suHDx/+/WL6MJP1yZ9/eLcuL79+v7q09/vXy697Xuvsjz/cAtDv2TvDXk/gWtOLQOAt1Wbg6vgfqrc3Ov8UePuEnnn67NOtB9Yn04tszo6WPlkXs882d3b2F5D2D1qg75y2cud7uzPteXaf0p5n68nnn3v6yWd3Azdngene/Drb+seTyAMls5NZg4u+5foi9MhdX8+eu+jbXCQInm65pg78u7QfWCQIehlABpABZAAZQAaQAVxLgOefl5yptOYAP37y4OXmyv0OnV4E3AJwfxrAG+evDuDU454YyLEYyJIIA8gAMoAMIAPIADKADCADyACuBkCuWPQvBfB/aw4wiWBqKYB/rjnAFC+aDOAyMrvLxcA//asPMNbv339fd9h6kb/F/r/+G159gEUJ3b/p+bAdybwQwOrqAzSF4H0/TapGjAGcW71fJxBqLxNB18OFf2shvQ5JZAH5Fwe4RmVM9VlvO6oNKwzgI9LiIX0WCzXzkRBYbkfziwLMrAtA8+ccOL+BjNu+Wv1pdZV0urpgEnmXWxeA1YaevTI8btwe3/qggio77ubWCSD2/6z8eqPbGxEkpcWm+a8twEc7vWY2jKudWsEZQN0MuxcgN3n8l+cWqlFSUrvuDOABMN0LsAUbj3RkmqGYj9co4fwsd4armOvHj/ASFugWgPvn3l9vb0u3E4+YYA+043cd9XaNMojmaD7pZQpqopeJtLMzm+1WFga4/dcB6brDAvf28Nb929sK2ceGk2Px2p3vNVEaPatG4TJ+G6DC4ZQYagKU18ZCnv6Y/rQOleqCAE8v3h2QejKZLFZfO8BvFz684/D2Nmql9ahksx5EsjjTypczqZqCoBKRezh8hDlDHIzMbDtYKTcX2txhf/ruwN7VAKVeO8AN74bTLJwPGbigDGL2yJZUw0Y7oQ1EFGy2AEAD23l1JEmJQtOcwGhpsRj418HVHPeUK5NIMj5P5DfawfpYaE1SHE4j0MdNMi7IkAgmNmTezr15QT0kQw6bRT2YXDSJXAE03QiwGmp35vi9u+kcgACIsGwBVBupujBUAJHiHK5OModGJZWQVG0SrjZBaDAPv6PCrwCz5ZmqLgKoNUjz2fhnfSEjKsgJUernExEBSrIKEYFi0MiNM7gRjQ5kKFNDrOg0lEnj56NELySk7gO0t7uyZbrJhbWHPPhWZRiul5REF/fyDXk8SeW7otTpxWnQV3Ow0Q8CKJWwgdSiiixH7vGSkUZp6xLJ5lNJNYWi5V8AzrPWgitaOa2j3sTzZhTSQqUrhOqA9rsTFSBa8pUFqGdSnLU2NzJwzKziFlLiLc2fb2pcyiJXka9Lw4d7nH5dexzgxOUA71TQZcAToZ9EsNzIZXBW4tEhrVKyCDZxxdqbgAKcFGLcAFEHpMGvObbMh2spIqkvmERuAMabXVcDjGWHN0Mt4QQCgBzWqcf1jJFOcQYTnViSB8FKHEVEkMiUhKBeq8GgCJRyRbBzUiUYbUywU4A8bDfdPhpTSFkvK9Q6VZwcqjRrJLFpdqJQJDRbRiMZPEARJSRSA8yVECA0dYzNEJLkaly3cjA3RKFO1TFAHtVdDjATQtb4Xr1t9x5hUyGjZIQnxEiqBCTSTY7GPB7KBuHlUZ76cUQAYt0cyAaHOf9Ew5UQRPOO7K8kwIJgr8ZLLfCqKzMjQCcRXhzVAQ9ka7ygokASkoE4VFpFkYCOQtsTbL94AA1OGwpKuuIcIEnkckrSzS6cKs+SZEy7skg+QoICITrhgW6PY5UkwhOrdktUFAA7aemwWCtN/BjXJCWGw4W5O8aHAFpLlz08xv3KAYbvrTvJDVTVboALqdluQDBdMhIlO9Fa8ZCPgHSYunNIJIKAIN/Hpor0he5ZeBDgoyuxvm6AVWtYyoJzPZxSEaJRwXbFybVzqQke6fVx/bBhrS1ICC/qWQh5YJ3yqFMOQikXexGA/Zglzk0AC9bAqFYIpxOzQpprDodN+w2lq4VAqQcDeydD6mMyfSgkCI8Gh+nUGNqhK0hZDm73NkcVpwBJSKdKpN0E0N+PV3qKmBajxr3Wv0koOJFE5Mj11wO8HCFAD1l+rDcqpmDZY5CnobBVxuFrJ+7KoYlDgFYcpOWR4rYkMmpHG3EYSd7qiI+6CgLBELRDHjVAYO07oBJCggoBNDnzoF3XZEgTdIJ2aPWo2NSVMtezbC8flYpOAT64xcbrB9irNXoTaylorqWWZyMnIoDDbkGlaRckFFGs0ZIwaD0KKkBoWdmllsENilS0ImieEIAQMASdZiStWY/9n7xz7W1cN8Iw2JKSiAOcIkQJQhZECYJh6GpdLPkiw5Kv8iVt93zt//8jJSXbySbbrTcJ0DiHQBxEMWLoyXDmneFQVCbvAth7Nvp3ImMe/ExRe7oJEnW2anID1CVdnaYRsnYWt0M5bQVKgRGA1DU0oD8Oq8SNNVBX6/5C/PbI2AKgrjCtrEjxdoAa1Z8GG9/TwvokYQjUmeOMU30YQUw5A1yHgLBW0JCESoxE+j7D40ge1Uy5GW0IwHQ6Gp1k8bUN7XwZvgOgiFrXYRb3AnAQzE56VNiI+9Z+K2wpNQUs3EoVjM+HrwjTYzbB3U1qBpO+EVq9uSHEYlBl9HK0yDg+vQfgU1i+I4CuuR87TuAD7NnrmWWPNs3r29FwafPLY86BlSwYwJiULtCQxU2bLB7fpQNffSC5oym8Wkaz+tA/CIFsVmvfLdQNB8YVFgRdWsI18PxEpUkhrBSLyGwFwgPK6qAy+ziAKL6fIKJO5m1FM3QA5qVhQJxbwCDlmZ8X2unZCq+P6oYYcH/op5ByRIpw7kfWSO2vePZxAJtPLWNOzQ/02jCxkVDLImzoxLgc6oC5GxLvnCzsdt1FIyVCF5JDDTVY5oul3pdaesLMxcPHAMTQjD81QHHPL/sJJtVUXVsipsaRTENWlLRzWEYL3E1dUI4mIiaLicvy0oQAAS5CTBxsudt+ysPR8QYfAhDzyEs+NcDKWCmvFtO9zVZoPkIAFelGsPZ5W8F6dj4BOm4sqDE9gny+OHJrJ4KyAelI/i96442ap20kns3eCxAl57LC5/WBw1cllFoYmyH0iSBGDKBXZSTQkU7dnlNisBD8wD7YQ3ysJ+O0aUv+9mPXvhWdbXrj/SwhvhHgZ0jl/vH3Xzqc9CFPofA9oJV+mHEkJquut9ximb/JCZ3KF7RaCddnNuGSlcjQWFfKcR3rDDB3flbel+1tdwLw9z9+U/99+9PbpjrVIC/FJOYcA30BunpWm4YY7ZegKi+CaNclJ1E9XOgcHv12CueX3QuDQ/0TT/jtXzdYIIyn09H/HeBff/9D/Xb7qV5jB5npNBCOj4jYQPSz7wNPbhDuKyh/kDEFQEzqmeycMQAsw+rmj/n2z5uiMP4EMuYvv/3tV6Zwr0qSoVo7SKhjSvEZmmGd9YzMgW1bGl5rhXZMsblQamPvAQwRvXnzzLW97b514HUVpCqnqjovr70dw6aJDMwvKpBiq40UmIRdPgeqYSzMEB5c+ZqopwBCJmyzfzvAG4X07i4ATsgyVjPyXQFlFpktPkN4PuOcvWHmdUUFEhbjvQHI1JOHAKVNlLlh4KF4IGXMRwKECz9ff36A/cbzfQj178KmHxL8g2KC1sZoCAExoNUL8fFgRQayx+MyZqhOWhmzSdYfBFAmI4t7yIUHag7bx3CMw6d7F7HhhwWSY9RyFHbYbLJjKsv+EFDHjpxD0sqYcmn1PwigmMXhfRQTHgLJr6cv065RT2nKLD2+Pp8PWiNl0VUTDGyubAjlsrsOAdsO877iD9s+hZXypwDYO728ruwIpEWcqMMFNHWi05ezGLN0F3dX5YuUO1IT5hzkw4mQz5n8i/3TQP0zABzs4eHVRV/DqQPjowls7aJiyLP7IRghfL0qZY10iePN1CfebINv3H/4NQDO9GX8+qqfT1NuIr6aki6lu9jed9/kEl3rIQGZZ0zKtYUJm4zj/E8EUA3qHyrf2a5kx4maYc2NIOUAnyvRbUHhssguPKAs02CWTcc6clW1ItS0TuuP0oGX3nPkfPoovH4pOqql5g/WGQdglVF7S1gLTZd6kDD9ySsSYgDg5RRqgAn5NzqixYcJadq457HbfnKAL/ahS8PUvTCkAImQa1OYrWMNo87aCH4eVGgUpOi4hyJTYaPeMAAoe8heNvj1x8EbAGI2u5/emAY2bQn+0b/EzplrClmSEgw8j0xdiLnLWm/IKMHtMhOUILFxms09SDVWrWcpqW1+8pH2oohVOHTzFoCT+2nt6J9a1duzzOsehRJhuJ96COj5pO9BEKm+MD5GU+oRTKiQ0AxTQ4PbRKegpGaljiiyi0AJIcbSBoPislYwhnx0K0B8dXwmfby7DtWevdxdl4ipIbsSIowSf1ATkdL7BPIEA0wYAAzYfgibHaS+hTRYuaRQH7Ya0rwKQCQPWx8yp754iOB0c4eqfriO7zZ/3smy5ml79TvKKLOJsx/EqY7KiMBjZQCyOrYZHCvnwNAMYLsIpCInQcWaasLP7ThExcJeSSk9sWHx60EEWne+zUFuChlPzhQH03r06BFDAwBTt0QwPJgiDlOaq4+eiTSqxeIi1iDbc2DIQDEr5opydqPDqfIWgA/3DjBeatwe9qqxfH+1nxuw68la1wDorlAz1Doec2XaFH4K0cqfA9PyRR6s1/UvPrnoi1rglnvInBYOWHdFwtySdX0Dpb0UtpVBEYmRZ5WzYE8xXIy2x3CoWFB4f5Nu3g0Q8zi7c4DqZFJXSk7lGqXiRkHBiDA/F8dKCc95HJZduEeKoKFRgryZ6kMIRXChXWf/u4Q0dtx7B3h2hZ0IU9TVUszhrD+eqbKCj/lexBAs1QakpdA1CKBafbSiUi828RJs3goQX4aZfA2ArS22HfzJnKNmp8VKhGSbNJE9+Yi5FskCodb2tly6HfQeROBZp7v+2lfeAtBgl0HrrwLwISFJtZelVaGgATqqfgSojoAGm0qv1dlQ7SfxWInB88xtw9D2DQChPZycx2PvjgEOm+LpXYq11LtNrIMI7dm+CRKkFXNdiOWo60GduEXvxJzmOUBivglg9L+aue4DoLvUnuVcwcrfebkwwGOThQAgg2AY9R8LJhd52pKNo+l6Gh3OecZGVnSmef9XAWLxt+3+lwCYs33v5UqTqu6X3oggCBGmGPmBH0NgrcTUHq3EnTvjnJB2CWVzayX1BUDMdJ2XXwOgOvnRQkYm1MnOWqQhJdTbGSIIA7hcjPwUEWYd5IMo2mrVGv/aswQvANFc7gRRvwbA/zKzefWf9u6tJ3EgCgBw7DWlVSxlS8BgSUMakNYCKggoylWCvYaE1Rdj9v//iLVyc1c6UomhwJkn4jRj8zHT0w7TM17+uzMy3WxnSIY5SeaTxbz3glIj5a3QLL9PvPCX3W+9bEiulO9oo4CRCL/O5qRZ7b5Ep+6aVVVtawenTFqv1WrnsfRATycu6GHuujafeHnsVQIAemtjGC9/SqgBDcOwLY6PmN/vgZdqoamR5CBVlAiiqWbeL3mFClUm8u9TdrOJl1rjQY51G6vmTPCWtzEJLV8ON+CYjT87Wf7VXCcFaPWEfOsrPYaU1PwiqQR1PY3Zj5OJlzuZiGm/5OKKy9s8QLL/6c3g8A1h3mGVNfcXzuoHDJHoZojEqcz8P7ucKkxDQPdAG1YlYtW8Md4KVbK/4hlsexLabEludd6eeeXkbfGfUFGoKP20Ommb99JYVttUgCAi63sCSJ+XvW7W7i9+X1OUVOvhLCE31PvSd9r2AGPSYAcBs5Xy9Fhl6H9jciFJV6Scy5Ddx8ZsDqbayilBAIn8yjc+2wRYTk9366JaRM8/NMvylV4/n6Q6mpZpwp4AgMouAp6dJCZPt1npvu7/C16u9+nxoa3Vq0EA08mdBKTbnfmKj06w65pCBbkG/qnrOzmE/cLIrY56Ym2ULoMGkT3bEgh9gVOSiOHuB1jbK8BOCbVhCD/IVAAQXb5oIOheaaLwG3b1WqeIQpwGwLUAYYNmAARAAARAAARAAARAAARAAARAAARAAARAAATAHwAU+TXXxuwzIKUoryOFF82wAdoWvhWAYxa3nqL82ApdDxwJ2zKEjSMDhjAEEQAEQAAEQAAEQADcW8CQ+dFRNsjaGPt404AuPisCiyPLj1Y7i0+CdbR6A+Z404AGNisvAoYqEQdZLbrIas5EVmMfqjl26RGuuPTP1KYBP0wvGMhqHl1No9aF8+hq73v8siXjq/PfOCBNPyNPkoujqrljCn2tQgtG7UUUOVzSUjRuHHOhBlQ4zB7ZvtVZjsOQ4dF1DlHNY+4zsgNa82BGuc7L5wNuRizrhBowih85T/5CHI5HTFQXcHFk8LRNZO9+HVlzQFMYLxGOP8Xd0A9hGzlIxk4UdUMmIIVuWAz5r7HI/OOLsGS024Io2KEH3O4CgAAIgAAIgAAIgAAIgAAIgAAIgAAIgAAIgAC4w4B/AWYy2LzWoL5mAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

Scatter plot with histograms

![Barcode](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgAgMAAAAPlVdjAAAACVBMVEX///8AAAD///9+749PAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAIJJREFUeNrtzLEVwzAMQ0EvSRccQftoBBXElC6SrJDC736HAnddkiRJL+qe3lVTndw5a2eqVqZPJd+9UtNnVZK9qnqvVJ/KVGd//jm/PxAIBAKBQCAQCAQCgUAgEAgEAoFAIBAIBAKBQCAQCAQCgUAgEAgEAoFAIBAIBP4blCRJelEPp2jSjxqjbakAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Barcode

![Figimage
Demo](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAACHFBMVEVHcExJB1liKnBOoaRDAFPq4uy+p8P///9EAVRpNHZTlaTOvNJjLHBpMnVqOXtKrKFGCl5BPYNDNoBMqKJVj6RHGm1agqRbxJM9SYgiho1FL31GKHhRnKRMtJ4psH5hdaKb3G9dfaNRvZlyz4ZqzIxHE2ZsVZS941lsUJDJ5FHU5kptSovr6UZsRIYnfI4/Q4c7UIofkIxIInNjy11Xi6R9005LsKAdoIcfpoVZhqRoZZ0jqoFBvnFpYJtla6BfeaNjyJBWwJdEA1bF4CD36kT972vx5RNQEl9rPoA4VYsyYY01W4wubI4mgY4qd44scY4hi40flosem4lMw2tOuJyG1nym32io2zK33SlnQnri4xcwtHo4uXZoY5z/+ceQ2XZicKFrWpiY2D0rY4ux4GFvzlaM1kbf50ZYyGR804F70oJWxmXi6EZzSHLY5hkwZo3O6OXR3eZx0FY/AFXU4hqJ1UZpW5hkb6Cb2Tyy4WB1qLZ+k7RvvbPV8ODV1OT++MUyUYHj9deP2Hfz+M7WzN+Gf64tX31ql1KJbaJ3zasicYpKl6EVloWi4JJLjGQpbXuL16A3g2/Z63BhZZzS4RsreHe95oKNnjtQiKE/I3XLudDw7mik3GVcIWpJuJmD03qv3V6HXpWooiy8pCc6wHYxu3uL13IwtnH//e+P3UREv2b99J/Q4BKR2nas4jG95Cfz5UbNsWjp6hZnPYItMut4AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAA8JJREFUeNrt2+dXD1Acx/EUEW1ltBCVVRmRvbco2eNkZGZLZcvMJjuiyN7jH1RS+v36PPg4xxPO+33vOff565x7zn1wvyEh7XUntxAZLgACCCCABCCAAAJIAAIIIIAEIIAAAkgAAggggAQggAACSAACCCCAAAIIIIAAAggggAACCCCAAAIIIIAAAggggAASgAACCCABCCCAABKAAAIIIAEIIIAAEoAAAgggAQgggAASgAACCCCAAAIIIIAAAggggAACCCCAAAIIIC4AAggggAQggAACSAACCCCABCCAAAJIAAIIIIAEIIAAAkgAAggggAACCCCAAAIIIIAAAggggAACCCCAAAL4jwG+Od1SSXCne8kedQMwqJI5si97QyNFT8IBDOrcSN3eqAhRKICdAHd0bE9LLccOAF3A4ToAXcBhOgBdwKzmjmZ1CkCzM41bAzv6s0YAXcD6Vap6AF3AgToAXcBXZ9va+LuPZwF0ARtWrmzewTWsBdDrZFl7uzpUBqALOFgHoAs4RAegC9h3hgxAG1A1oy+AZgfSZ8oAdAGfpssAtAFXqFIBdAHHp8oAdAFjxqtiALQBdQC6gL11ALqAYareYQC6gFelYAqANmCKDECzg1d7ygB0AROkXwKALuDDhLyEzuUBaAPmyQB0AftMVPUB0AbUAegCDtJFA2gCDpguA9Ds1KYBMgBdwDtVAW1qrQpAG3CaDEAbcJIMQBewcqoMQBcwc3NQlS1tBtDs/NBMGYAu4IihsugIAD3A7BEyAF3A79myCABNwOgFMgBdwKhoWWQkw4aBvZ8r+xo7XxbOuGtQj+fJmsq7qrr8X1J/BXCd6ltTeQ8RgJ27/eHu7w63te85gC7gbBmANuAa1ecHAJqA91erPgFoA24J7EhrANqAFb/a3rG3NT0A9ACvj1NV1HQF0ATcFtih1gC0AcfKAHQBb+1ub2eHbgDoAr5brgLQBpwiA9AFvPx6g+hFLYAuYNp60cta3oEu4OQ00XoAfUBV2j2usAl4In+CCkAb8Fp+cfMKCsA/ACwW5d8E0AZcJioG0AYcrVoGoA3Yv0g0+iKAJuCx/qKiIgBtwJwlKgBtwCs5IgD/AHCpKKcaQBuwULQUQBuwtEBUCKALeLx0v6gAQB9wkQpAG7B6sWhRHIA24ELRYgBtwH6jRAvjAXQBc/uJRgHoAl6Iy1UlAegCxseJcpMBdAGT4lUA2oB1SaL4MQCagJfqklWJALqAiWNUANqAGYmqDABNwGexGapYAF3A8lgZf2NswFkyAH/2A/TeOcteE/jqAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

Figimage Demo

![Layer
Images](data:image/png;base64,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)

Layer Images

![Streamplot](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAADAFBMVEVHcEz5+fn5/f7l5eW+v7/Ozs739/f////+/v+AgID/g4P7+/v///7Z2drj4+PR0tLIyMjp6enLzMz/iorW1tbn5+fs6+v/7u2XwNz9/f3/enqhxuD/f3+7u7v/mZn/h4eRvdv//f3/9vacw972+v3/6ur/np6qqqru7u7/ra2uzuT/o6P/4uL/8fCfn5//dXT/+fj/yMiz0ea51ejx8fHFxcX/w8O+2Or/zMz19fXX5/L/5ua8vb3/+/vz8vL/vr7/trX/lJSnpqaLudj/urmjo6P/qKj/kJDBwcGnyuL/jY3/2tnV0s97e3vz8/P/srLc3Nzh4eGtra3/+en/1tbf39+bm5ro8fj/8/PCw8P/0M/e6/SRkZH/0tLe3t3E2+zR4/C6urrz+Pv//vfj7vbK3+24uLj/+N//+/CXlpb/4N//y4D/3q7/yG6ysrJjY2P/7sn/99Rra2tRUVH/7dj/2Fjt9Pr/5aC2trb/3dyHh4f/1mdZWVl0c3SOjIqEtNb/t2f/3YP/ExK0tLT/yl7/z5D/6bu9qqj/1Hb/7Kv/rXH/om47Ozv/4Xb/48v/pYX/5Gf/uXf/qlv/2Jz/9bXFvqj/3L//uoRHR0f/+Mf/8uP/35ExMTH/uJOwsLD/vVv/YV14rdK9s7L/REL/x5+4lIyurq7/9mFAi7//7JD/9H//zq67nZj/bGrGr6f/8XL/9Z0aGhr/lnf/mFv/kEL/uE3/0br/ejH/MC8nfLf9qBclJSX+uKHUnZv/xyuHnKv/jW3/zEb/hF7/bBVYmsf3vQZioMu9hG+RssnMxb5sps7O19v/UlKnv9DPjo7XEgPyOAL6lArcOAHcYAHSrKzw3AEBAQH/rzsNDQ3GambzWwDzgAHwDwDTgH/chgHMubedq7T23dK/umzcpwHcxQH/8x4DAfmttLm/s4bln03/4jT/8Ul1ocC9zNe9s5vnoXnm0rrk1tCjo/xOTv10j6LldFO2rjaQjPWWbnEjIPJQe5lkXMy+h0bBuu2dga1qa/8A9xC3AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAIABJREFUeNrsmFtIW1sax5sY95diolGiE9kIyewNhjxISZSQjH3JRjBwRjRBQ4k0aS5ml0Qxg9py5DRKjVWLnhhTS5RRLB0Tdw8kUNtiH5RyvMx0mAcfyoE5MEhnpKUyfSp9KH2Yb+2kl4E5D4V5MOXsLd+67LUW+OP/XVbOnPl/PVBSz5nT9/wK8FeApxqgBahCh9IXJ7qKE1Bf/eUALCCR/9dxUI0dqvrrBeiodrR06msuUmpludKi6gKHrUdfVddZ3lFeqeqtosrqvwjgStlKi7K5plOiVlepKVU31DS1lqm6B5TKunLJVwmwytbWd9bW2DjQ2Njb1uToAYel9dtvL/faGq+p23pV643yLwKotLU1nLXZ1gcaHb22pvXL0NMMTettbW223oGKrxJgxR8u9Z5t61R+p7b1tfas90BjX5PtsspW3teEOPW/V32ZC9d/d/3y2TZ1Nx53vb0HAfatVzU5bG1NbU3dpe3Cv+g/XZJuZZ2l3CGp0zdXXnNAraoa1GV1luoqvb6r63LHL/+z8v8lqUqqC49T28hxtb02AHVncxXV3N3dTJU0wIq+dqAoi8VyToLG8slQFRYJPuo67FF1Kj2FjUWho7CVUJK6zvOWj5vIFkpsCm7d3KgUz2RZi8WHGygf5bOwFFvBUso6VsJSepXeQkYSCkcs68N1uAIN2WEh+FlWXioKLLfJ23tksvZ3b2QyWd9OK9qdF2iOjtC82Lkgk7XuNMhajnZw2CAuEr+8eYeLXrwjs/i074gbV8oLClxprydnvn/fIHv58rX43nr+6b30vP15A1qZjPRfvn3+9jWuw/133r9vl7UPAHS+ffuXEgFINbSApR3AmuVwZDKROa0UTdCMRqolY9qKkhB72n00Loas3CW9rLgeWJr2kba2RhzWraACZTB3GFbARGg8nZ9ObUQFZ47P+DM8vs5M9DhzLGR48GdSx5lXG6/8MJoG4FcfRJacD38A+ObZs1ulokB0lQ4ZeGNu7Fs5gs6lIfNBI7FMAI2bEDN4SN3CuXCHFo2bADXbxSM8XLBY2tV8PNNyYSkZAV14yj+hmw3lp6M5f0aX4XMhIZ1P5TPHJ8eZvMArMrlnQi6fV4yPAgytRmDocPP7GwjwX6UDEJ+OdjM3QvhtEdWB0fwJoMlDMqgW9WXe8pJZA+ot+xQB0tjhfCJvRpSfdc3450+pmXqdXHwUHzoMX1n2D+tm02lBkYFcKJ9PC6Fc7jifiWYyxyH++NVJSpiNOveGFZGJwaH5ZDIOrSUHkHpjJ8pj155aiduKWMAjYrSKGrM/9YF7l7gry7EAmhiAF0kGkG6FkUOwPq9Bs5Y1/LXm45m+g7n5zfhqf/ixc3oZEnxqAzK6jVRUSB8Lx5mTtJDOpU5CIORyqXxCMT4c4qci/WOLQ/MP//jDB4D6DvJXCgrsI9bFichYeyGumUS3ZLXEce1bLvKdJEYj4gqgS5s94qogZyDsvbTZa8zSf/tMgTdmbp8Lx+HBTwtPnKEE5POQ8Kfyfgx/wkkO+QmpvJCClJDj0xuDw34Af//CwvzmzzN3Cy78WtJhW+mwOSpOexJpVQOFSaTezFnFCWZrRGxpt9hoXOIkgWonSOuRlw+DpA+V6NNqGPLZY6dpRsvsm4oKrLteC9KDh0tjcQiH4cnjpfFpmE0jwLQAuWhK4E/8JJFkUgKkcwm/Lj0cAtDF+8MLQ0v3FEUXvlamX3dcXHdITjlAubq1/sJVCGrtrDh272tFD67XFsbGIMgD4CPZZURMMcTJNeI9OLC2hXFSGvBqGIN9P2uw08UYWCFT17es3Esu8mNhiDyYvLIXRSf2J/yhnP/k2JnxYyLJR3khlVGkc9MQHY7iJn5hIXIvnjyc+V504b1bIK+pqi1Xn3YX7rimlFfuaGlXYWjmih0rXeCLsU6uCRQSi9FYjG8kAwdobTDgG3EZ1ziG2ec0a163u6jAi716ee3B7d8sYh6OTDjhyfbgcsLpTCj4jEJ4BUIqhLWMH9L5nHN6A1IiPxgKxxfi88nNmU3iwv/cK5UkUt9sAeqo4LXg1tAF3WHsCxQ6pOiLZVkx4UqLdANGsDJaL8ZChqHtdoNBm10z0AzNFBUoaZYAdWduZmaJ7+/nYWpKp9veno3OAorQf+KPYjpGCeJCVGJ6I+EE5/J4GPlFkj/fv//oxz+VFMBCGSOi9Gq01uIMu6uBT2ozZ33gIYq0iikFfB4tQ1aO2E1Bq4sgN3AGk2HN81kWZg9m5vg4SnBpYhxgfHs7Op4iABEaxsFohj9xglxI6/hUyK/zTw4OTkYid8cOkzc3H5UkQKnbwIlpQyTEctmitxbiHUkfGlIGeliQWmnOWFCiNPZ0LabFTKLZX/N4NFntZ3Wg5c7c7WT83Ln46iToxmef7F3ZGwQ+oSDpOJ1DN047AVJO2EiMDo9OXRnkcc/S+SWA3/7uMxeWSEBO1Z96gJYjO8cEWXC7jOSSIfUUCpoRgolkXPFuMhIjQ7dBa7d+/CmVdQcN6MZ2OrtrZ2iN6d+qzxR48yE/FF6N+2FwYnx09Mr2k0lI5YDQU+ScGAN1oY1oaDalAD8fjUxNrK7+lBybv7s4tHiHAHwsAuy0dSh7m093DKzpAMkRaq/CGtuKocICRs4ghsTC7c5k+FDMuDUs+Exe8YZCihiQisukGASZ7K7BHPR6inWgeOadubvJmch53WT/6tTE9ODwNFZ626jAEEJUoPiEjVAqMZuaHZ4U9+iGHjwem5m/ffPR3w9EgNcqJQ2XylY6mgdUp7uMuX5RXrWOFwmN3UQHUGAaD1sIiBrCh8uKWcVF+j5UnpeVGjk3WGMmFliNxoOpxWSnmRhjiNEMUwQov9opVx7cvLfEz4VXH6z2L09PjWKmdSZeYTjEKwkfyidyaT9EFdPDKMLhwcll9OdzvG7u7szN+49IGfOPQ1RgRYXMUdl5tet0A2xUyb/ZMXkDAa+R0dqDSMTl8do5e0BMFvsxKev22BkNM1K8eUjBzZmANXImHwQwcAaNDG0wG3ezdrP3gws7WuRVN5BG8vYiHw+H+6cGAULLRISh/1Brta+J5Hccs9uMkOTYXbZhZHrt5EauYa49lpk9hsztLdeb7rXz5mjXFi9n6UzVqbZqUdCxdKCjnLo+4FNclFNcEZJD8WiLMYZIyEOTy5aUQq9LCdzCvT3YF33VP6Df36htjv4DcV6EIQEJH76f7+fha/fFH0ulF/980cVsH3W74AGjWEhLBBK+sL9crWV71f3+1hTAmRAR84+uAYVpCBKMbFQDCtHp0Lx1zsHiJA3MteIUy6tzsj5GUAKDPUcLbszKGlR3wPJjGII860isOBWRn1+DJFLshW3hXjnm83sxTxS2oNcTLZX+1M14VkIvHpdC3kgo38Vccc2GBQMB306sVt7YHpycbD+aKQDHIuIA7JwOiaZwglE4SgImEwrAY1VV1TnxiMJ0BhFsAm1FYoOaQpmlydNT4Uyk6K9k4WEzmy1XCvUwKEQ6CmHNFS91DfHFsEwmVFoJRWyAIJY69ocDydboopbNbp+cfG7YmC+ezxaAHCKpyHAcSxPwAiMHwFA4Dg6FIkn9DOTEzE8QlHUeRWedg2AHfpqh2gTdbtMkzUmXAdxq9qrVXhImsBKs14NRUOJ8vNvNl0qP4c8urBuHDOLNx1cwWzpR8cVGMRjBk93dZnEGATykGUiyOBgSTrZPA68Dspnb7pwDsnYQZhg/CSJ2kgE5cdICZ0Vmeu+MY0W8fcoyxCUf6Nwq5nLlTX+h4E/6AoF4NBUMBbXUCoaFSnkvtujBSlEsE7E1NJjNYGDnIhbbbGYHxWb/6BKAS7fM8+tX28aA1GHzhyADsn2c4pwOmYMxJHWh3TnTBYEkaV5VCSQiDn2cVCy0EVlUGhy1BYOBpQhWPyUoZjqBJjNm+qTX22yWY7FyMllpJONpLZ2PfBqJlLoewC2ElR67QFTgLZXwY8Hkzqjcq2XLuUG/aPSBXzz//TXT0tLLr8/f+vD61b7KPXlouob+Radb5kQC5QqGk92cTlJk5xzG0q2CJpOk0XbZhXFXiLlJo8eycu0OKRMUDQICFOYmAN59cM988+lRtjkMe7FKzOdrVKLwNKL54+OPMqW8JxR5bItkXKDA4A9t6UCwsuPzl7ObtZPd5liFnz3/l8l0+/aP37l9452r7QPXPn6y+sa/KRxUA6bQ7RynDDs2B4/d7bTOoV8s4HsU7zRcMzlpa2SScBstNhhIiTMoTE8p/NPffryw/sR4BR02fEw63shkUpnIcb7U7cIUvjh+XGp483mXNx3wpFo+fyCW7DVzg9qEws/GFF69trb20sLVtjHr98ymL6fAASJ2XmHOOzgp6EDhtt4mcZFzW9wySRkNqywwk8JGxknGEBKJBhOOKDxVYdOHX8NMj6qbtWwuWx4Ah33gA72eUDAY1BqeTEkD/TjQPNpBNJoIYqlEsl757KLay2abxT8fFV9DFH72+R9mqUxYR4aFV1gCJBdWmsQAY3ECKEyc6Q7VIRk1g0zixsmEFURuUr6ew2BaWZzgJIYQRJb92+UsXGw2N5u17ZONQNJfx7DG8THaggcaOOe8lvKmInGIx6FEolGvtHwXZWDwMHuyuz+h8EwBuHZoUJhRwDBPxhDMnUgIQnuvTUDQYBWH1ThvkhwyjPoePm4LrZIMwEkyS/y/Cj/t53LF2u7GYKNcXaynounRQTqdjkQiWibkQhB64hGIeGFtFKjf8X22Uy1s5rKDZnFC4dkCECg8mRu3DJaEhHAh8W5VtTsIVuIYmoCUR9KQVJwMSchzmAL0ZSeNq5VnKNAd/VSkxEsTaNrabxbBGA9qtVisFfBV/JV4KJjKRBt5LRLJZzL5SDQFqzHkSvlbgWqyUNuoDYewAb9C4eXbprWl+ZmgMMohoMEgqJBKeLtqAEkSNJhrzujzVZnBcVq2yzQpIig5SHpIWKyUKCkKojBzmcJOROFadrBd3qzWV1bCF4G0pqXjSIzjWigUzXvBAqYb6UQyjOr8WK0artZy/f23pxTeWrWsri7/6u7S725eaQBvPgQAD3GcBAa7jZLKLZF7ZwStuMH5WezIFBIQSXACAIJ30BQUfWEeVVWmcYpWHDzYHwoozE2z8PK3zQDg0VGuWf0uunb4fa2dUcATXvEGow3gMWSSRjQTemsxGE+k/YFWsuB6q1DL5ZrD4X7/aELhrbvzb6x//Tdryy//8OoCuHDj+vJD88IvH4zjh9XBgYMmOJk1gscZQQkkozhUp6qcA2oUCPM5i+wi5QbiAqasIoN8wJKUJP2UBuRuAebjz/zF1pvGqahXjm3sxGzo6jZKQCYOejzByEFcOz44SIBLdIG82PzljdgmhOZe8ahf3H8XUfgffzcofH/17ku33ru6AJrvry7/7CaisNEt4zjLj5ehUxH19t45KSjoSwcU3u7oEHUl2IcigR4RZEVVHYqBHo1UhBJAvlGdNfnMtXXs1z1Ic7snG7Fk4U7K12rt+CEDpwzsohlYhvF0OpBOVvyA40q4BxNY3B8O3371G1v/A3AWrnLzC0iFKUI/Zwjjij4Hw0XR5J5OSHY3R5KMzHOEQBou0OnmZUBR4iVGpEjUPzAcSyvmcQZUpo00fKb1KVi6Ym57sFu4E/a1fCl09AjGNS1xrHld6AASTEUr8XSikvRB3qttVguF4T5ocP9bn8wUgJM2hiFO984hp6kSQYqSJOJCm7dKOM6pTviJFHcONh6KKwwrsY7/um6HwqEaAugMXoe/dJWb3yoeHRWHr2CFJvgY1GEtpgIgGppRbIF/0T492LkYjUag0GWg+fYAHmBw8Xs/2Jo9AA8JkdI7ZxJHgbLaabAqFsxNCIyK2UXjBCfzoLLK2CWqkspLLMOI8DAgLEBt3uKEAMPRf7lspF/9ySL2fi+X69ULsSqGQV5L+RLg/lLxRqKRaSQOjv3BcN1Wr1f9hWoPPHcu9+Z3Pvj+u5cBnJ/H7oPIWa76t7MOwb1I1LlOCSLqpEGMFRKdMcE5yyjjEXs6Pz54Wni6s0fRnEK3WdiHKPHp7bbOcpIi846/3rhsjVaG/e1m9ZXhRrmwWGgFgpWW3xVNZOKjhKeRiHpQDQMKUkiOLsqxLKS+XK7f7xe/+dqYwo/MmMWy9HDp9aW7D+5dZRtz/T3M9CVwVhQ7HVo2MpqTEUQYO2Gc3TAHKTD8f9g535g2kiuAy6x3Z33Leu3V2sFCSHCJuntcbxOBXWTKRem6lkyvsbARpm4sB0gg+MAQAeI4BBw9IBeFCBSogBICaS+yTiVRmwChyRFdRE5VSBTd5UOvSXsVH09IREmqRqrUL32z638NKZePOMpYa7+dmR2xP+bPmzczr7MwZw82YOXWH6qpA935z9d2F5fkltQfLsFzFgAJJD/adCTLzPpkdPXKVTQCmnQHmj7TP9E/N3SkcvBXx04OHm8ePHukIxo9cWR6PLq0NNQUna4cGdk1/eHI1fmVt3/yM60G/tuoq20wz3r0HrY2tlMB2lhOGqiwkV8UwgBSXqgtpgOlYjxhy7/m0ra74fHjy88Oo7pyF16Fq4FesqZzT+nR+vxrv8V7O4qKi6FFF8U3F+Eyuyps3MOVd9Cu0eXlFfTm5NjEvv6/D3U0z53ogGp3dnD6g6XB46ixaTA6NzeElZ0Ly4vDagW8eXPvJRXgt2oT9im+lipjA7tjAVZV8BEnzX6RU14Tt7FU57oOZ6m7jErULg8vwaE6150iVP9RiQ1v5y1XLQu5+TB/Ky/dc+hODugwwBEHDJCuYsmIl2bL0Pujqxd2ITQ/NtTRMdY03Xj9fuXxpQ508mR24/Xrx1DzX+egFhYgmMSdmjyzODkxfw7GnUsawK++zZRBxGvUIeq7OD10dHe+qpMcyi/XFMJibMYv/age+sGcOoyzvBOpM+JSoHu0GKbIX7pKjh6FwbgoK7lHGpfJXLy5euDA/OjI8OTEqcWxEVTQv9TcPFdZED2LGufGGwuaTi7dH0dopP/MRCPqOLd8a/nWzV++t+sXb+76XUYBTG0uUvHVqMshhS5NUcnanavWRrxBsFjFqW5WcBUD8Ooi1+7Dndg4fc2lWrGhehLpW3x/hEY/Xh1eGD4F+skEauwfQsAPRcdRIzRj4Di01FzQGF0abx6fx6txi6PzP7y6/IM3Mq0GqgD16fhQqatIO+VSl7Dgo068EZrOxTir8wv3aC29Du8izM9N0IbYqhRAZ/C9m6vnl1feX/4bTEamK8fmVX5NQ8DuAwQch6JH8L78pvuLY2dOLSxM7hs5t7r89fm33n7jfwHS2rXjASbxZRUmrPbVrpokP7ySubtItUhjsQgfbMgqduUmuk5o1p/l56TrgQ8vHbhy5ccTq8uLy7fmK8ea0QTwG49mo6EmBFdztABBjzhx/X7/0NiFfe9eWBi++uGBT7/e+6e9aQDZLrOf8IaMO7kPFHRQW6pzc0oTy0WJWlftSk441EW4XJxQjzcAd+YUqSvsxXWJrrMoJ8d153BW/KANLlP3yVuXfvru6OrC8PDkO9NjE6hjbBqNzB1BJwaz0YnocZA6lo41L42NT56pRPML56anR1dHV86f//jTiypAUGP0enOM6fLpuhp2rDHBbJECAu371+YjwkLg8GjzrlkVCHbzrhZFGG/fA+nebQtO9uGUR2bCd/t2hZbT8mhz895dwmq2EKQpWabx4bOnxLPH+GM2bqxYfBtP8EX4Np7C9QQk48aTJxsb5x4/thCPN56aHz+7Eb7x7B83bjz5DgP86iJDe73hCB/xVZSZdqw5i3QYRdJmCpEkr4WgKRCXTA6SDwS1SJwaMsGXw6SmuMvikRDE2WCQ/LkmD4AibVPLpLl1SF/n1/i1Fj+/BvIan3ZF1G9yzbSmpq3DXaSW49fXOI7D+8rt6+uqGdXGwEc9/Lljm7DEUYi2pk6qIkva0Jd+IN+aJtttWueujhZUUkS0dpzfDmWmIp3OredhrVvPs+7HU0UaQiYeuMadVnJizKW9sJA6y1uRemmGTWWnWXOabH3hwePw81C8whZ/AXZBl6kn1mkLYQ1UJOoZYS1LDKV2QvIbE7ksYiyJwZaKhpmbmALocG95cR10ru7nj1SXicLz+bwDXKYCZEiTUUn89YKJDSSqVJXJF+NSAGdTLVVMvaxNSel+DO/e0gDtJi6vhf5+gETAnsE+E6S09mPn096ES/kzSGueNtKXkvmUzAgv9GIiCC/RhM2897XjndeOd14DfA1wZwC0OVFcl5GohOcmqyYxFKVzEoiyIuv3OhyySElzAIwShCX+QHzDGs4QH5QIyOiU0nTHTAfIyF6ZtPhMFjsZNhFmh4QUG1thIiReZ/e7GxTeIgZk0S9tzy/o9hhNXr7CHeTCJrPi5sMmC+GQmEieRzaSTtIdI8MOp8Az5lCI480Cyca6WPbVaMJdYkzpi+gVv98dkGWlAcnII8vuPoMDBQIRRZHFiOJ3+7cHGKGQPBuIuCOmPtEvi+KsDMGtp2Nyi8gZ/CGxIRZRZCVkNRvkUExRIu6Avk//agC0tDr6DG4qFnG4eVF2N6AQ3+ImxZBCIFnubhABhDIriNsDHJjlZFEODsh6vwmQizGZU2TZg4RAICYb5DyyRVSEgNJntShIVkR3XplbX9atyzCAtOWFnpd8NtZntc2SXqtX4gwkCvOE5JT2wyRXkixOSeL2hwnq/zVhnUXr5IQqu+C02yVWojm7JElWp0QeFFBYYFhCkOw61io57QMGJyOBJkpZ7XY7yxKZ5/qpBab7XjVQNAg2CgSGcuqQzitggTKTXi+yURTDOHUU43RSIOtsOkiBZ5j4s16vk6HjLgK9bhKXif1BYddQFKX+4tHHGYay4FdHYV9ROuwfimMhC47DzqMgGoqEf+ueukxx/WTjFdVNEwRH4HTM4+np9ngiPXp9XrvicRzs9XiUnqC+rMet9/QaPJ4+uBlo9ej1bQ3qM8E22aM5f3LUts30aNM6XYuHDmplpgfs3ckTfD42uCUmllGun3SOCtX1E7a3TLVC73cZpqmBdrg9bUJIBIE6DTEHDQg5phCyTknIPhNA9tMt2jOt8T6LEnvaW1gNoOQxY9dPz4XsX//x5VS+WphC/iWzPBepL0vPfGNEKNQDoqEPvnocCFW1A5/uCBYYRLeScDMAAHuRdDmkPmog4+cz2w1C0neWquxtHU5/8/uX4kfXZp7rJ/VlDQ+mCETMgCJGt2MsbZhGaxUMKO1VmCKF+F4rCh+kURfAM2CLlr0tMRBzaudv3QZgdjY+av3qAnT2znDQIj/HdY/A9Q61YYqGLgD44CC06m9YEIBctxWZIZN6EH/2croRjzG3eLapgdmVf8h+KYJJ31lWL5L2ZwRABwqe7sFKSesDbBINBNQaie1UDgXARACg1FqLmEA33NkQo9CMCGNlOBA3cdG+oNLX2j71edd2TRj7itkm4MTGjon5uO+si3avMrs/A1w/5QmICvTMKPile1vD8Pc62jBLuhcb6BxT2CJogAipG5JC2uzVT+mg6oW7kipkKDLLN1iT/gMHiBcBPPSff/6Xuqt5bSM940ylmXfEeD4kRgo65KClMANlhxxmDmoUHYYKRGGEPjpqVYSoa5Ci+kOOZGNVloSNXG+cjJ0PL47saJWLq5LuUtYN9LBewiaQv6CQLfTQQ8H0VJrkkIZld/u+MyNHtuSQ3qy5GBJnYH55nvf5vc/ze3/v2fD9/PvvtqdX7t6484ntnZUWx8f6yWnUEGSZilkYiIOSOeSpISaGH+pUGCgIjRBM6VzI/EcKgXr5CmX2HRw87hQi6fpBuVFW+tZPZL43tLa9PnrzwzPgKyx9d3R0b2vPDNGL42b9BGQEi6dUNysq5mqYP1nrtGBRDHYBJUHEKBWGZNXcfcgkIGndPBWHtsvdfHJusliJJCWub/1kF6YTz6++eT2y3ZLaWF6+/+LVa/9AERkn6ycCxDIOqV5vmV8X1+x1TLXWt0kG1KIAR8UCKV+8x1XD/FwyeKI3b1dhZP00IoVTfxhVRK6tLt6/9rbrNXYAmilXN8pW7DBFlz2fa3T7/IQsuwCZQcsdD7lKzlzUKQw7tjrWHcdLoeP/5oG7t29/PDWCxowXgEFJtGTNLi1j/1HeCFlBRnuBCFc2B2/Og0lAYMBPiaI7Ecc9UVwXSdCquVyNZlIpckB8F4BTt3eH8JvY2AUBcDaAY2L9FOYgEUm6yrV+fnrnohTws2jGRgdhFMJPSJhDM6Qb8AdFrwOxQMxNZ4rZdCMrxvherf38oF1S3gHg6rPUyYz+/I8bU2cR6X9+8W/MtH4K083zb/1E1cqVuitjd/ExvtuFbEWpoGSO5dDIEaYr5SWtYwfmN8biHs5qZhF8pd7QslUH1mWjTcV+ZxhgpwHceIx8Kgeejzd2H97+9uUPzgCw6QhO5pluTG6dd+sn3a+UpH4nXeRUqeoGpMOTbsIQEHW01FHHKzzlPta7xKtV1uZolJ5sVColV4j12NZPOX+0ewKV+eXNFBiqIRMvjo6+HQngeFk/MWbgxGhn0ZWdy6Elh/XAGhx0xN2mQgpWDMouGjGdBJjHF656CCDOZZP2VF2WgS/ZMDrRvvUT8E4eIxIobK8tz4/kf79+9eZfqTMBHI+OdM4LCCGUbVQMo8INiBJImvYFgzFZDmIUiQRVlnIAVZOYwvvpdgkDGJ5tCLqDAqpRySryscQ35+i3swJ7O9Nra9uFsxoHJLZk27eNK4B2Iws+nWLorXwo6NN5JsH4CAoLWn1mSg/bVAUmLiswnJTOwL9wCJW/NeKAUGrGoVHKDBSRwN7W/p2VlWlkmHB26wWAheXrqWEAx8q5iNAiXLxqy3MdLB6tVnGeka2kxcKie1KFH0o10haCUVg+5OqcSNLmb4iNZr2uQaIIsawOqPQfPbqxv9MHbyo1v/FwdXNz8+HucOVderCuUBB4AAAeIUlEQVSdCowzgGEP4iRsVMi6iulIi/eelkRGNTQUdwq2ftJUotFF4a3ciK21jbZLoQdOa350wYZub357enZt+fp95P60u7G5uDFUTFLTX3ydGgVgZo70Ccz5BtDnBVSpUq/Xy+kqa3IVgMV8ibieo3k6zvCaGWeyuTqyOavqcj2HiVqzTxxjBPBJ9cNDm7swYUBkwAcLO/v3VmASb68vXAVWDYaBVthc/HxIiHn967v7qRMANh2YksEjohLNn++ZiKAGvc2oF9VemcHzqhCRIiHFwzvcYowgCF3D9ZyP6rdubObCqGZXgW1qEbMVHenUpThFcdaG0K3OIeunRzfv7e8g6E4/DxtvTjW2yMDE3u/u3tua6AOIrJ/8ohgXaFbiz3c/UEiKSlZolsulUqkpzXFMEFjCGMocSVpzXjpnq/eYkC1OZbMqEv0m0qV6BYYIg+Kv4rKINJPsUZnPLl8a2qX16d+ro2+GcSU/+PTmo09+a1nB//Xvf7K2cqR9Z9H5TeE4D8hSuSmwbjN9Y15eKRv5uSrHeXCep1Eew/SVadbi0AR30c4/vH0QQmJy6aBdbzqDaCvdsYoIiTMAi55deckfv/zP4ihiOHH5y6+e3vpo7Ix34F6Y8vJOqVZzaS5pLqrWYhSjowl7WI5BJhi2eLZHN4PBm89bUUinJa2mBIHsx11Gp+Ka8+rcu7oxAwiSE9cWV1MjEJwAl78cP+8sqtQ2jJJWbJmJSnh5NiR06tEox7IwBGkeBiKKOiyXwc3o03sCbqV0cFIraSraNDuE+uHBYfS9ALSwWlq8f3UkvKHxs35K86gkxOKc2nQ1s+kurvv4E/O2YKyvZM6jTR4Qq1nJ1lKHQxrcB2c5uG7qEe79AQTg6v21+4UzujE2gIlWzDcZPN/aGFQz1GqzXEIwJLnEW60RzYk6z+MsfGAM6oyIbj3z69HuRWRnxSRdNYG3QMylS0anU2mq3Nt3ngHgVKpQKKSmrPJydWltdiY1GsDfixTPhyUiUcydYwBJv1uCda7SLmcVBhsc8fKZnlHxsAlfGHIZDPPHfAzNehQPHQOY7oykuywJHJO1UjnbY2WL2TQMkweSfh98Zzg0BN0/Xr1eXV5e3ty8vvh4cXl1w2zkz08/mN1euDICQJmiaeainKie43YWFa26BYqqnpigiXgrnZUytOg7Pk6DMY1MIh6neVZxekSUUgSdN6sylmtplXalrqk4/A9gkPVTpuqD75w8NZVLzTz579GbrUIB+fk+efbkyeNnj5dMgg0WtldW7uxvfTgIoG17gmGE7CDPdQqLkvv4xDqgcr2spsFgHLjbUaSVDOcs571et5dJ0DzX6vbUSC+Ks4ljATUvNSqdg4NO23qRDN95IoVTM7MPpmdefP9yHVlKrxcKS/Op1LX1pdXZ2bXZ6ZmtPdR3uHnzwhCAY+RgCWQuC7l00zl42JBMKC0YiqevyvQT7hyel7I1rdyoZYtdjoZbZSKXiWijWvofzsDd3PwVNH9bW51HrYTAxHErJpBaWO8P1Pe3LlzqSzvGzLlIFcqG0dbUot4aOC/kDknVhK70q4qbDQ3ew+qn4JY5xytqrVFqdzqGYVTKwwBe2rkDd2hXkPHT2uz6SGlHgCTBlb2tv+zfuvn06dM///RH4+edRbU75Z5Pdraft1192S7FNSU+xgo92m8deWs5adkPZEzmM10hXSw2s7VGo2ELB4I+Ol90leuZEwAGfnnr0Y0dFFWBmQez82ft7Aa44S8u/+wngwASkKbDDKHO/b1yGC/VO+32gWT3o9ySS/X6uazVsWK81aR1mo7taK0oz8gE/CR0w7foiPN41OkMdVshZz6UHOSBv7n19KtPzcoQmLl7Z+H9xJUT8LFS+LMgoKgxsH7yOmNwL3x40JZoj/HcMHumfK2kBtWk1rNYXuKgnLO2uKog2YJKIhc5bLjK/2Pv+l5S27M4HdNV5s+tJoYpyWiKvyElUdMkNYpSQ8Uig14Ee0jQYSixHuzhwoxwX3toQm7g2xnwZQi6vZzXOZz7cjjUw+X+CQNzH+Z11vpuTU81zNzDPNTYZmff/W37hf1hrfX5fL97fVe0BFGt1Rq1FurAm253vFf6aQne3X/4kZVgfPePf/7xv4WPIdgjkVNNYLZX+qn0cks/qeVWeoNWie2l8+fdC0oRhO1KAx/B9eW8t2jAnfDvi+X5o6U+6ZTrZVf10NpP7NBRnJzaXFBzvTHTulCs9yZP+MyLt/+cYDko/XSWk+2/3NJPmTRX3gRrrNzqnuczMAVjsVrjCMGqVntbejfL5QU+e6GfDChw1Tu5PjEvyGOT1fNWgweLMhMmMmkhjcmE9MTv//T3X3/9w28H8BWVfhKMwcRF94TjRWHr/AwhQsc8OWFBT1o94xNgNlYhTjJvyVVX9OwuUGlUa5WN8pFvj6hHZ1Xz//6IjclYWPv9h79KJDAx8X8MIEMizsSLsn7TmsXwVm7tyrtfmCa+rPJ2uH2ShumLVg79uf/eSFBG2tnj357IahuT5xfdu7vxYRY2/fnDj+Hfvi/zFQLIhHS6etP9cnEIoYtGrnNzwrJPTxu825YqShBU0BbzJ73UBE29EZ/ePaeEYPVurfvlrrKRL3GKIRaejba/d37LxtZhACdeSeknH3DVu4uT1pe7TvXGpam2GBBjJ1XewLYqVpA2OJiYnOwtOMRrMRCd3nVXBbvnrUreV+J6q12D15r3M8Fv2xncA/A7lht2Nk2lnzIvvPTTVLnx5aZevbs5aXVrAt9Ng00+NhuV3tbNcyvIzhWgo902DKfKiRXmzyelvo1W1Tc2XPigN6YIxn4AybcByFJ8qfRTYDzEl34qveDSTwJrXqqTX9ydz1buGqvlboW77DZYHSNhtcVRnSLheCsm5BobQuFpjf8DV6sI5ZM3MXXnonamFnL9qkec8MjXG1Ot41y9bqFC8XDDw6F40iMcdM2jCvjpp7/ARCDw0ks/6YQKKtOU7iinNQLltECmmZbFNPibHUrBvJR+azR0EcvJlHy/THAkl2WU2CuY1shCPtnDISQdKGdjah46t8dlj49c7EmX7FLeb1kpmY7fRDqhw+OFl36iOdrwjtd/1x5ektF9nd3y+KYF9VdffEbETD1TZuA110ywlgZpWUv7Qwtag/6p8UGtnKnZpcFz+4aK8CjUzz273PcYL8HRk3paylnrawVwSs5ZXf0nl3Ian7C/6ZrL7D8sSmfOBqWfJkqD0k8TsqGlZ6HryYMvcXLr/OM93Ucl7olN7qtfK4A6WSYT62eoKnPS3X75IWvOOnjNZo0PMq90roHemyoPlX7a7jxxV1FGMP+k9JPClXt8X++/4L5SFx7evD+mHLKX6SHXHqrYNr001F4Yaj9b8MBqfQyg7ilYoumxVwzgKzjeAHwD8A3A/zGAOcXC12JEgFNWK5Nz07IAVQGVLuSYJEorIf0G4JOoX1eE6vuzoZJmK3O51ZEeXm6PX/rq4yAfl/s69XI+B/X5yaNxhbx0VhIqSvOazqXuDcChGQi3Gxt3rW7srtbLrviRqxzKl0Nx1ECuk/plfH8+1IHYZH0/ttGJbVU18XLodLUsegNwSPlu58/iW5p86fA0Pruq3prMl47y81s+OHSdCvfjW9J9OJT7DndPud35eOjyUN1xTY6NJoCbymeX5AMBCEyBbhMCbBfdlojNnXthkd57smmyaGoMewk53XxsRGOgpqwZ20vv7e3lcvS5R212iR3skz72pOwSb+Evc3u9I/fQEkrxih9hL9NrWEfCAl1pUWieaozfU6Vx9c+f6fyE5636Fs9PdH7G8+dHJ2UW9tq3dOLlp1s5O27vf6Ff3NkoAJjxBUBAay4z15SmIdGHwaiF5WNIeGElCt4ErBvAkQSzCpxiMA2deATX4NgAqveetpsuxXwGlqnZ5ud046NCIhkhInflNmEzuwwF8RxhaCnCSgqKBgiqEC7JnNgERieozKAK0qeRwMJ+xPD9tedjew7AscYPt+ZeZ0zu+GGUAIwkWdOwCDsG8KAdohGiBR4nEaU5sq3kMVgWIRGBVFRiW5HYvczmCiYjrFjAWMQLu58NYV/mE98s7u9GCECnu0CtwkwYLF5wqACMZohGyfwk4gIsZxE38NqhuAyqptnYNGMbj6TDf+332pg9embIhCGVpPdNNos+KholF1b5wRQGiNpgTl8AfwIkRhNEV0CLUCaDkIpA1gBaFvu81wX/dUFrpG8mdg6a6/4UGDF+8pCuiOl1e7T50QSi0MgA+LcUEgWanL/thCL6smEHI6EEbBEoIE6GIuxYWGhET17zw1oWxAegdxBcUXDPRSNOhHmnTR0RMUJ5YBR7gzBCAApujWHJNVJnuxmE5R2k4gIcICNgnKMAiDiajcyn7d65q2uIJNC5C3Q/8ofWGLYvFi1IHc0s4odubLLrd9iwvxsdC7x3wspVCsztLDiRPygEkkPaixA2hsFvgzAaFuoaBCr6EdB7UdfoScgkruZUHpsDIZa8jwCE7Sbwztj4nBnTzuiwMAdZIhHjIjg/2hCWFZ5SkYgJOZQysOaARQs432dBrwWxeU7vQXpBIagHY0ECxiD4ee7VrqHEASi6bSp9cmRYWCZ3uDFmRRGonaYFacQJhAk57RwCSPou4Scdvd5UkZCxrWBclOgx2mEfcrRWLwnPmNlQi4h7wZ+8aiaCc+9GhoUFn2cO8NlnEBF9CkgIInnMAWlnCf44MQDijARUTlgzkDI8SJKHozAEk5FMVLsIdls/i9eb1FuKBZLZo0Misns0t2M3PvQKOmL2CtnAbyHzkjALDKMyIYdNGsNmMYT1BVQ6qGjQDsEjppuQd2f4uOew6A3Ffr7+aACYPlwCAc5Esm5UIeukhS1NdMM1nI2tI5oEHoidCFtY0m6GMfwRNycWUTpTaPQYj0kPemaO+dFSEdNg6HcjAaCoMx3YUoCXgqCZQCy8R+y0qF4gkmI+ypQ0rAUh2A6DLQrrSfCYMCia0Cg9qiBN6ZajQ5n4JvNBcbnt9/sjI8HC23mRTi1MILeCeYZmtEmUI56PFmqtM5ZAfNZ5VkazdJAPU24qzun0Jv7PkFruDaZNGVRi8VpyrX1tTyTsI8HCYwEdCO7tEgqCxT4Yx02cjnjQa1nsA8sOrwtXkCnQhxO0aGBaJmnDFmD8ek9vMEe0aDax1Ev6GB0WzvxCkzA3xbGInthATC65aDFZIEumSIgFESqaj6RsOOmjL4VpwQu1ISrnwtfDRZMGeyplFAdnR2gxwbSsIsdc0RMJsKUtrT7ot0M0RUsrNMkgZNH8UPOBmE+QRjax+yWRGfpi2JFd9C7uZA+06NfebDGSuLoyjpCQ9rsZDdiNbFGVrUuJ/0Xe9bzIbWRhEmOXU26McSUIi6KKFkgbIXVadbCQ0SqSFiGBhK14EYsQaCGXHPqw9z7spXPIf7EM6fPc5+K/IINPueQQ8jfsf7D1qtQzPf6R9b0EnmFm1A3z+X3vfe97rzQHVyq9clC1VX4gEjVQLjIRVv5SclEaOZ72wcrSC7yAtS3GF4dgTlco+twcM+G3EvqIFCtDag8FGa0umg6vMjyeAAQHFciblMo1PH37vWs9isu+bjFh/s9G5cBVsU1UMwZaRgZbgMoEDc3CVQQejOIwFGGm7Ggma0uUdpK2Hzhxs7aG3hwK34dGztOGsm5qBUX29QocfqjCUJ73UJ77QpmuGzU9imV0Cs5YKZWLP0TvbTeYU4Uf309wo+IuxUxF07zdpFeXmbeFtizCgCl0xMiVJcR5t+rKO8Kc0UbA/4BTJ45RrdySA1UrNga2ijiU25Z1KVB2uAY4pwMUjUypPWjxfCBztpNRWBS35I0mjzZVEU0SytwyC8DX6k8cjb3tKx46jGShLROcp2aXSBxVdBL4YpJEdiqUOfsG1ys3sOOz98mS60MJLXWAeZ+Iz4yaC6eBXWtqCilpchjt1nrSiRrt0BNVnNUoxGmkuslqHqG0IdbZO41VTGghhWHoXx2YEVX42StJ4SeC00qnrhk3ltW2I4rKUvtSM9fn4pTVjCY+D0iP5GTbIiGPt/Hdd0x9SuIMuX5uRBV+9c2LR/d/8zrNQYHJTmZCAWWk1ze4W913RKrJ26CKyXxJ9gjYHkM9sUjpoPyOJuw8WypwQ6rw379+sZxFT2ta7rPALmBLg4f6x9piQLp0WJfX+gtRohwqi1B9XGEPVqNekDmgAAFuUdqeERR+8Ld/quUityAYktcowEmlYpHDPZj9AEjfbkRLL3U9kSXZitRPNIKhXaPZlk2dS2UiLbFYq3xojpD+w+e4XkIuyjk/wRfbgarL2eWRMdsbVmjAWrjkHuoUp4UNAbcOZHHp7QpFvh1sQkb91DXJzvq9WA6gO0lpB7ulohY2U9+2iu1xi5ZWo9An/TM7RbWnWz9102D7aGR0QllvB65THA+5QTJGn8m04pKySUdYNpe0Vg2I1CW++/5r5hatsdI3AxiJo4MCe16HBHdQne3Gx8z+ySAAnaEmOJg1etHMaAngpBWhgSrQn71+95Jp0toqZHfbBIXyX3c8dGjgBJqVw6VYf2uMG/P4LaEsX1jsxg0tkwyth1omxv3ybITXL7+4e738gzqycCheW7RHLvbW84XMgmgCwu/CwGamAPjw8ZudDr1NUmNcywhyq0Z2tGfMff3FuwA+jWWjUhEFcNRI0e3bg8yC0E1fXhOpfaLqJ8NyINoQLxllKmS09bu79tT7AD5BrRTPAVsGwnYIVs6IwgZL8PaN7Gw+N6oX1qUjzRnl9Ty+f8sHABxhnM4CfcNw2Q6o2EpMOw7x5xpEYQ2gNcNClX8OXuYOovDrev9hAGX1kJqm8ZYW+HC0kMWoBG8gPDGKwo9/rRjHLN/d0FYkXcEI5izo4zhOPwIgEuARMmCxqNCcQxO4J1CFDaPw49/9+daU2gw9PhxZP7nZn1P4tBEdkAhZbZOBkO7Ahjjayh4zg8KvfvxKH7RRjUhXeRiXxZwsDoJjpWHqRh8FEPUEVtPhSVoVzKQ62sjSfXFszKnCT3744cGPT+Wvu4s9jpslFLsuFb4nOcxJQ6A1/gCAYwmM72EUP28FzFNKC/Y8PPlxaGkemUHh7755+ujpm4DQtk607hu7ih+OTVDN6bj6Mwr3sLkl+zYXtrlYBNsh/RplheyFYVPQEDsLff0Q3Xsr0vUZhX1RiU+QMcgnauYE4Yf8C+6i0YMZSVbZbCffrDBHSP9yRmEtY9xh9f8B1PxF4fFKsrY+YClq0gYDnDHmIjOoCisK+4rClkjjgGDifwqAKLfBRfSveYqyXW73MiJ3zRZWDDtmB+b0wicKu4l3dWhr4Waf0oloL0uRfdoC4GNAc/nK+XDswdvujaKwTH8l5l4ew5rWeB5+68hxso8BiCwO5QM5njqe5DI7j9Bu5xs0VNIU5rQpBpX+0ophvbK7dqfCawnGnLb//RiAksBqMxjtOIH1BtdT8+UsaWhtkB8olIIZ2bGFPSEHJensN5yzIgk3amf33st3rn8/R92yBBPiRo+MMXRxkroUdDSyfKMobCU1ty/giAgaE3y4YNX+7MSCWz9/Ds9BffLk+em6J2XfSezEdqCidyJqILeG8EuNorBUfww8A+TMAcesCoYbRyYUPuNXB05aqa2HO0ZX2pLlfEjU27VqYfbLKMUqOPZNqsLw22ddT2iZ3z4hOur8FpMgntN9MTobd6ikVATP9eaaaLlMQ51+S1tLHXWgLWwOorQ2isJhVdK22t3+WRWY0TXF/uRwOel+GLowDRMm77s1+2PadEus0gONHb3ZQUsxGkLhR8/gwDWTyvncxE9lLNanpdNsX5QYk9JjHiPlGq33NeX9TaAmBOsDXutu59lMTfay2cNtYQSFv/wXevbl2+k8t4U+50V4ijzBaFMN7z44P+w5rrtFLsIEblgvK4IlZWpHdd0ZcFLp1fd//eo/6MVfnp4vp2FebLK9wqPyGWWD7NJuVbWzsdwxgp9u8hazJSFGoqTesJxUTwDy1IiTSg8fPfruHw/Uac2FuZgUFkSUJ8GwvMPVpLpa1Rg72xocQsy5lNa89OMwciZPknmvgBtlzuRUj5iyzieY5WYNlZBbYOy76VhRArVgKKk/uOuctkmmIvPicDmlzsmp3kt1Q3iAVruihWID9zjx1ZEHiab7OHkmzYWtSu9n9YcLX7IviymZlLwLUr0Jg/vUOVkMln8dC5HMwyQUg1f7Qi/5I2t0YyalTpxmRh02fNPSWuY5q7YpeAKjb3sh7JjTeqOXfMl8o27yEtOLK+bXdcDKFvOW+WLn3Hk/V9QEN3X8vTEAvt3Dei/HlaXtAF9+jrzDUeESEt7dCOeWBnvwCm5nx1YX+6zhrdcn4Vktd/Y5M2cu/IsaYXRLL1ZJ/beu7EDh4Xj2dKP4aDugMV+K7U4UtceY59VFFcd5pWBkMErR8WjQSaV7bzHXWljmOmUQCNvTg+LlMTqrwkUp4SGymF1JDbO9aHBbF/E0D8OciMoHOstuufVED6Vats1T+q0pB21kL6xLgMDqMXaoWw5+obHk/2vveloiR6I4EbUkaXdHoxMMZUICaQ1JT3dgJ7TEmKQJ6aEbjDP0StPQgpcB++B5+9pz8FsM0uKe7LvfYC9+oD1uvar0mKDLHhemLLDMH+Phx3v1/r9HZYiLnZD6XuymbwCqd7fuy1maraE7pt8bjamXa13MV3ZWGOEu9a1YCS58Me1mWnirBijpDVGAoSBxIDLr9z+nKnFU6rUGCkudElsrW1ZvhfVlZbo4VCDtxWuCZqPhKYVbXlp3xuCpbtcJB8s9Xe72uprm2IS5BxOXp5J/JS+SY5S4cCG4KqtLb8kOmgJ0OXT2CNS8OCMZuJCJuXhU/VHfDSzFsgJ32h95UUwOxa54w5clUl2RCnzcjoY4RmOowc4gij6mZTdmlx2NyNNx7pr/xsx8SOGLbenZFn7W4hIZdJioiZtt1FYt1K8nNYheWpQ2WV2XhxPXGGkVJ7WpTIh94kdRlKYcuLOEzc3DzuH66oshSA2AaJol0Uwn+DWQ8XhHo7/A52PWpFeRexaKcNIvxHH/lmUjdbW6Y9t5nOccuPTXd3b2O5Lwafu1l+bsyV1E4RhKkbInr2hP5jqsJ8Co6aOBqhUnZxDLT4/yKDBL3ByecCFEdn9/jYVBSxEXGTn7+oCaB1VdCu1Gkcwo/6YE1gwXfkJiBOaTsBA+yiDKiE1CaBFzLURCOQtUF9HOjFOoKAxp6oFySy25XG6Fcj0sjkKN2cqt1I2JgZLY/thVzJCnHqovAQz1OCAUp9AyriZQmsYaJ7RZZm9NvmNKtiX3loWxtzM16k/aP7hY4BhAU4wtAlsLyl5rMmjWPu3zXrdZMLNlPt5S+vOWwXVPlON0kMuis3RtGcElvwAqXgNkbRcyjWhRpkU7nbdptzuLHIs607JtmD/gRxAfnmR+T2fxzsBwfaeHuT4DTcgYyqCAYUzLgqHwAw2pAA7FEXJY7MPp1VCoyZNEdol0WTBebuCZ2nO8oMVhpdKPNcQ+CFcDDkAALaUVXRo99rKsoEQA2Ez1fEoM5T7usQDdqKuqrIJY8eccszAhOBfqkGhDSyJLAJwBhW2ihg2qUKNUryFv1h0RvDJMBXGYqgn0oA3CsSOK2pxnNYYwMWACJZkERZAUBm0ZUxP7qEv9NdAlz1w4Nh6aet1gLgYWgrJnC81vIJ5ZGEBLKekBFY5omxjGxlFS3A4J4Rm63xbDBnOAEdsO4DN8vGiOiRgaa1wr0jHNUqW0Bv0RgCIBy5aqhJiSWQLFrnZfNRXWNq9QaHysAaEO7maJx4Uas/E6gFNai+5RBo6pyLXtYme3bZn86OQ0NFnQiSo0yNWhZTLyRdFOOekjfXZwtHGxLZXXhiQRC0SC3aJ7g+xEEaS7yW4bTZfcBHgkiOmKJAmaLOxJQtxsr6xInppMV8jv058fwKPVT++vdk87V8f7pXV+uX/zsEoubh7I8+sr2Nk12c/ZxZzsNw/z+w/ze/jL+T18+PXvP8nN5V8Pq/T/fTv46QHcOz3dOThEh58rT38tOJutk7MXL0FUbLDQbzE7fYNKYWOzMrB+b4eXBEt0dFp5dlgZkylU5uQeVTBar0wklarjwk/W+ZDCNMftea46Oco+fi+BIp2Vp2aWx9lDeuaXSrrht3cVYv0gcAHgydfjrfPd5yDJH2vvnnFY37/cOijR1efrL2Uq+638DgnXF5WEh6sjTvRAtLla5jahUzm8fumUGFw6rry76JQ/3Orsll+ufZR4AfD/Xm8AvgH4BuAbgLD+ASYkYrt7GSuHAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

Streamplot

![Aligning
Labels](data:image/png;base64,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)

Aligning Labels

![Axes Zoom
Effect](data:image/png;base64,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)

Axes Zoom Effect

![Custom Figure
subclasses](data:image/png;base64,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)

Custom Figure subclasses

![Resizing axes with constrained
layout](data:image/png;base64,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)

Resizing axes with constrained layout

![Resizing axes with tight
layout](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAAA6lBMVEVHcEzb29vLy8uhoaG7u7uwsLCTk5P////GxsalpaU/i7/z8/Pt7e339/dsbGz+/v77/P15eXn5+fnV1dWzs7Pn5+f1+fxycnLv9frR0dFKSkp1q9FMk8Nqpc3g4OBhn8qqqqrp8vibm5vCwsLj7vbD2utDjcCAgIB/sdRHj8G61eiQvNpSlsWrzOOoqKg5OTmkpKSFhYXY2Ni+vr5gYGDd6/Six+BZmsi4uLhWVlaHttfK3+2awt2WlpaPj4+y0ebR4/CMjIwdHR2urq4pKSnJycnX5/LPz8+IiIgKCgoSEhIBAQEDAwMAAAB4UdCdAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAACkNJREFUeNrt3f9fmk4cB/CRyql8F4igIsPKakv8tqZruMwM17b//9/5gH3Z1qfs4AAPeb9/cLYHM3p2x52vHeeHD8+FoHDrw6sFLgAIgAAIgFAbCSjx8vMzDgBxa0sURUMxgofpzRaS9JBOcBUAxK2BZVm3v13LGi9cE/E3vRDwVgTAKNX5OX98JgBgnOr+rAaPc4vhrV83rjuQloB6z7J6PABiA1Z+bQm9H25bUeUQkLm9FcUblwdAXEDtx9ZfXVgau0LQCu+nABgFkL9pPwLy90NtNtNuLQCMB9j/cX8T1lgCwFiA9k9W4DhOaEALjALIPQMK6+u8OQT8/QQo3bomwy3ngc1fw3m/pXQAMEoLRJWb+3sNLeeBzdv7+3u3DIDvpwhcP5ixoIdHXlU5xOjh3zcY1ZahC+e1AHA9gHq18KUTATq9Tq3Q1ZlOiQBLZtG7rs2SAW4VHZABQADMF2DDXg47nC0BYCxAf6FowRsARXFCwRoARgWUULWH0IhFIofsgeIXEe36guQaqCsMQrMSMnjEaEYBAeVv9W8EgPpwIHCqr/iGUMwu/Png0zVJF64a07I+k2ZttZiDyGX94zZMY2LX0f7eFcwD49dF/es2TKRj1+H+3jGSADBufT853YG3crFrZ/fsHN4Lx6/zs91DCBPiN7/Tk++QxsSv4739IwSAcWv7a/0iwTChcIBXK5ofAL7f/D7WL1cu+ALAlXX96eDz6iMAcEWFwdV7i0UA8O26+/Ll7t2DAPCtki7rHzHWKgHgG/UiNwXAiM3vleAKAPHr/7kpAEapi/rpNgLAuHW4e3aMfzQAvqzzk90dBIDxm9/JeaR/AID/1PFbuSkA4tSK3BQAcZrf6uAKAFfX6tw0OUBhNF8+lhubBXj16eAIZQHIe+F9VZ436YZfdTcE8N3cNMEuzId7jGiK0Qqe2tPNALzGCa4SBfQqNQehLW/obwAfTm6a4DWwaZkDe+J4XvjVJqwPvIvf/GIBVppVVQ8GEWEzBhHM3BSmMW/UEWZuCoCvF3ZuCoCvNr9wwR8CwLj1+oI/AMSsaLkpAL6s87PdHQSAcWsnam4KgP9U9NwUAP9ufqf174m9WAEBr+LkpgD4VDFzUwB8an7vLvgDwBUlx85NATAssuCq8IBEuSkAYi/4A8BXizQ3LTpg0Pyu0nnlYgCS56aFBkwiNy0yYCK5aXEBD9+4URoA8SrielMA/LfiLPgDwD91vLd/iAAwbm2fJhtcJQQoP+x6rfsc5YDJ5qbJAertcH2g3y7Z4VfULi7a/lq/zOQbxVzepojTAJDe7e+uk85NiQA5cRjWWPsDOCy3FojaDRjlj2kEV/EBG81urdOsdZcb3snzoW7qXrfJUtuF08hNibuw3n/cdotj29rAbjgOrYOI/C2l4IoEUHJcl58O8jCNuUsnNyUEtC17zJem9ANKLzeYpATQHKMAsEc94NHB3lXG3xIPkLdG4+p4RDtgirkp6SAycG/chUQ34GGauSnxKPz4Do5iwHRzU1JA27CGI5oB085NCQE5S5yxbotewPPkFvylNQqHH/9DK2AGuSnpKCwGV8CeRilgFrkpaZhwezN272dUAia94C+dMKHTqXWaKo2AV3sHR4hywBW1bsDt5Bf8pQPYGruu26EOMLvclPitXM+qWHPKALPMTUmnMUNmiLosXYCZ5qaEgMxYt3xjQhNgxrkpIWCjK3iupVME+Dnj3DSBUVigaRS+XENwFR9Q8CZBsRNqBpEIG0zSAaiIy6IlUI2ywSQVgBJVE+n15Kbk10DFpANwTbkpOeBwiwbAnXXlpoSAsoymfQoA15ebkk6kLYdf/zVwnbkp6UR6NHaVhzSLmw0e/sh866fjbBb8pXUNZMY/xuF/ivClcH0g8h7el2S3f+Cac1NSQLklWm3HraLH5W3lWTvo07raywrwav3BFQmgblleAMY2nwBFJUwH/VJG+wfKa89NCQH50XLHVCG47gklaz7q87q4HJWzWR94TWvzQ3H2DyyPfCZojUxmm9Cmc6P02gAzn8bcfflyjRAAxqzUbpQuCGB6N0oXA/CCmtw0l4A05aZ5BPxepyu4yhlgQhtMFhYw9RulNxuQvtw0X4DH9OWmeQKkMjfNESCduWluAGnNTfMCeP3p4AgBYNyiODfNBSAdC/5yC0h3bko/IOW5Ke2A2d8ovVmA9OemdAPmIDelGfCIrgV/uQOkbcFfzgDzkpvSCnh+kp/gikLAnd08BVcJATZ8JnjUqzY5YJ5y08QAJb4Xrg/UHGO56JxgcdHOac6Cq6S68HJ5G0LhTlpqR/TjfuOrfOWmiQOOpjKS9Hk7JmBmG0zSBygPxvaWXhmaHEEXpnnBX9qAnDMZVXWNdZjYg0h4o7SEigpIPo25zmNuSg9gTnNTagCpuVE6n4D5zU3pAFzDBpMbBZjn3JQCwHznpusHzHluum7AHC34oxIwqQ80Lyhgvhb80Qe41g0m8w+YuwV/lAFuSm66JsBwg0kkAWBcwA3KTdcBSMUGkzkGvNuo3DRzQFo2mMwr4MblphkDbl5umilgLm6Uphjwov51BwFgXMDD/bNjhAAwLuCm5qYZAR5ubG6aHCBX0paPM/n/gOebsOAvZUCJa4brA9nSYvn5Nn8vLtro3DTBLrxc3mbw/gKhf5a3bR9seHCVMOB8+mKBpXwnIQDE2P7OsVqVfqVtzF924WJWdMBqVdU55PffS2MA8O1pjCS9m8YAYD4+lAoACw9oFh3QJgN02EH5qQZ/nuJUtKNpPXxQWpAASvas8lRaW9Eq+KUNnQhHV5rjKEdXtHE3yuG1sRbp5cfN56czlagF/l3lUaTDJ3qkw9vRetaCi3I0t0CkJ0MOKOl2pJNQI/2Ikh/tRzQbUY5uRLyU+1IKgEgq9GBCCMhMw/47mjJ4h/NsTUZCbYLZrMxFK8KQL+mTWfDLZDwN71c6XwRzseBk8M6dc8KPGOW8UiNJQNloKSZSjaohYB3fq0w1xM1VEasbc+JcDC4PA2uGdzZKud1CvFFTsQD14NV5NOq1FDzAURjnTTpsJ0lA3kDdGdIcZGCNDJIhVKfBn30F60plK4gdoL7XrWCdjCCGZ2K6noL169laoJ6P7KFYwv5ZwzTK7CUJyInIGaEyG7wwHiA3COafjII3EOsGWsxRRxwPsdp3Q5SaNWQOkaJiDWZtpPRRs2QbeD1+GecpehjnJQcosW3FLPFGb4J3Ek3F2HJ0q61hici9nuJ3JMHp4J2N0zZ8R2hP8Vqg0O715trcmCywzp1jrfJMLQc/QKKDiGzyso54E3c5TF9HuqD6Kt7xgskJQWPlMCc+kqpLeviPMLuPL3A8sjEnPrJpMjqHGDv5aUyx5zxZA8I8ECr/gFz4P6v95cVcwhuOAPC5quUm4ic2O2qJnq5N5hMOACOVYGkt32uxotacL0SnwwJgtBo4jso4JU/RFLblVVQPAKMVjwIxrmHzgq4jjuE4CQBhFAZAAARAAARAAARAQsD/AIth3/i2z817AAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

Resizing axes with tight layout

![Geographic
Projections](data:image/png;base64,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)

Geographic Projections

![Using Gridspec to make multi-column/row subplot
layouts](data:image/png;base64,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)

Using Gridspec to make multi-column/row subplot layouts

![Nested
Gridspecs](data:image/png;base64,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)

Nested Gridspecs

![Managing multiple figures in
pyplot](data:image/png;base64,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)

Managing multiple figures in pyplot

![Figure
subfigures](data:image/png;base64,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)

Figure subfigures

![Creating multiple subplots using
``plt.subplots``](data:image/png;base64,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)

Creating multiple subplots using plt.subplots

![Polar
Legend](data:image/png;base64,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)

Polar Legend

![Scatter plot on polar
axis](data:image/png;base64,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)

Scatter plot on polar axis

![Arrow
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Arrow Demo

![Auto-wrapping
text](data:image/png;base64,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)

Auto-wrapping text

![Text Rotation
Mode](data:image/png;base64,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)

Text Rotation Mode

![The difference between \\\\dfrac and
\\\\frac](data:image/png;base64,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)

The difference between \dfrac and \frac

![Annotation arrow style
reference](data:image/png;base64,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)

Annotation arrow style reference

![Convert texts to
images](data:image/png;base64,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)

Convert texts to images

![Mathtext
Examples](data:image/png;base64,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)

Mathtext Examples

![Rainbow
text](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAACEFBMVEVHcEyZmZne3t76+vrNzc27u7usrKz///+pqanh4eH///76+/z//vv9/f2s/V7///2IiIj//PSi/UmNjY2m/VH//ffl/8z/5FLm5ubd/ry9/n++vr79//v/+/K2/XD/0Xyc/T7/4KjQ0ND6+fvX19fw8PD/9ePKysr/zXLq6ur/1Yf/5l3S0tL/+u7v/+D/ymj/87PC/on/3Z//5bP/8J6cnJzU/qv/vkj/+t/7//fz8/P/uz7Hx8e0tLT/6urn/tD/1474+fqCgoL/4UCioqLExMTX/rGQkJD/wVD/vEP/sbHy/+X/xFf/xl/g/sL1/+uTk5Pc3Nz/8df/l5f//Ob/Rkb/+On/52mw/Wb/8vLH/pH/2pfq/9ep/Vj6//T19fWWlpbt7e2wsLD/7Mj/8qrL/pv/6XHu+vn4//Crq6umpqb/7s7/6L7M7uz/+ND/7YjBwcH//e9vzcju8v3t/9z/fn7/68TQ/qP/9sF6enr/UVH/0dH/40n/7pBsbGz39/efn5//xcWU/DDavfa+iu//tC3/4Dr/7IL/aGi5ubn/ior/39//cnL/98ni/sf/6qju5vvgxvfQ2vh1kung4OD/YWH/PT3/qan/9Ln/9N//3STSr/To1fnG0/ZYxb/d3d1lZWV+/Af/KSmJ/BvI1Pa5gO3HmvGYru+Mwd+Ioez/3zCFn+uKo+y1e+2u4+D/2xhGw4xOAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAC0JJREFUeNrs3QlTE1sWAGBR9EDSaZLORgJZhyUkhJAFCEQIEARCICwiS0hAw77IoiiIoIKKz41SnxuOzht13ky9N9tfnO64IFQNibdnyo6eQ9FAck1Rn33vuffcpnPkyFcGfOdx5P8dCIiACIiACIiACIiACIiACIiACIiACIiACIiACIiACIiACIiACIiACIiACPhjAV7PyAP4peUUAhICShYzAFpKpSNwNDOtwiwWSBc+2gQgbZAXQmlTY97xtIm8xmyBnIE3rpkz411dEoDceDr11RNCASwoLSkUFYxw5+KJdALMyhZcFkZABERABERABERABETAHxzw8T9//fXWH269RkBCwEc3b958LH78CAGxCyMgAiIgAn41oETMBjRIEJAQ8M3PbFz87QkCEgKKL7IBF8UIiGMgAiIgAiLgVwNOnmdDfH4SAQkBz19gY/LCeQQknUhLRNiFcQxEQAT8gQHzc2C5EwGJAfO1U5otphMBUwEszQQoXMzdBzilgAGVthkBUwDslndlQkWT9BgcK5j+9GC1olKR76xEwBQAj+eZT8D0FbkE8hpnPj+qUTSDcxkBUwA0Z8zU5spPNtYAPN0bA/1TmIVTvUL1bm1uQXZT8f4komfoiL8aAcnngVOVxrcaBCSexjhpfUQzjIDEgAqjdmcYx0AeXbhzxfgeuzD5GTg+oKCdIQQkBoyEBd6BBd+FK7XOMgQkBhRpFeNaBrswMeCwIh9Ai2thYsBqhQqmaMzC5GOgxsgY9fkISJ5EhlUCzyECB1weYBSVCEg+D4xFohqjCgGJk0iMPWBFmhhw2a93+psVWJEmBdQzCvaDwS6MG+vfDDCqp2naj4DESYSJaDQa3FgnXwvT2IV5AeboteFwGM9A8om0XkHTMczCmIW/EaB2R0tjFuYBuBMKazAL8+vC1aFQCC/tIAesNG5tvcckwqOkrxmY0kcRMBXA69ytA2tq9gFO0csx3FRKDfCcXJoLZjl3E9rsvYm0MzSgMGI5KxXAxdqTcbjSeEICuXezPk+kl3OGNcL2EwzgqfhiXHylu7EGMitmcC389YA1LS2ZxWZpFncT2i/WwivLZWU4jUktC4vYD/GBtTC9xTDMDgISzwOrucCNdSwmIGD6AuooBOQBOK8OrHsQkBiQUnu88+sPEZAUUGZjDxvlCEi8qdQ/sepZL1+VISBhF55Q29Q2m82LgMRZeEmJWZhPFl7fDmwgII8sPLbkVWMWJgbUqdnDwhgC8sjCLz0BLwISj4FLC7b+hzgG8sjC3nKB+wkc0LNtW7fJEJAUUKnuBejHpRz5Wli9BDCBgORdeCMwYeMQEZA0icx7ygVeURU2oNIzcceLgDwm0raxBZxI81zK3cGlHPkZOPFyyds/L8tBQNJqzKv1339fX8eCKukZaO9NBIWAuLGOgEIH/KWAPZTkIiAh4FGpvBSuX6kAEHXvAc7q7BYXAqYCmLgJbVNGhQiO792EVtmutDpaRxEwBcDMiul4yXTjNTHbmfcm0q1Uu27IhIApAIrj00/NUGLeP41xtDrAMoeAxFlYNyeDWSUCkldj3ENDQ7sISLyUc7QbDIYeBCSuxrTiPJDfGWhw23V2CgGJAdtvB4PBywhIvK3ptrOBZyD5tmY7joH86oEOi9vt7kNA8iTS4XB0zCIgj3pgH17iywdwNOjzWUUISJyFW93KolacxvBbiVixnEUMKLJ0mOqDWEzgUY2p77AIu5YgcMAedhXSg1eokieRdjuAASvSPJKICJMIryTisIyaMInwGAPthtYOYe9qChpQSVEi9jMHAQkBLXOOKjZwY50UsE/WxwVua5KPgdScyWQqQkDygmqrxWLBbU3c1vx2FenLMpkMN5X4bGtWVQUxC6cEKBGznyMHViI6HW5rpghY2CItgbsttfDlTWgpk8vlwiycEuBi/FQcRNlSgJLFzzehpawGQ8dtzMIpAdaeikvOdbG/zcmumX3PWHFPJKUuLJcXF3ddWYQvb0ILOp2ur8ONgKkkEfExEDfUjOwvqHawSdiBFWnyeqC9r8+OE2n8SyUERMAfE/D0pURcRUBCwLbTibiPgNiFvw3ggzOJ2ERAQsC6+3Vc4J4Ijy682dbWVoeAxCuRe2ferb3DLEwMOLh29Se4hGMgOeCz+2t1D14gICmg5EXdvedrOAaSJxERm4rx9nf8JtJ7f+RAbVJ1BxMKNcd7kjMV/viN6pC3kRV/6BEfvogl6bkSGXw+2PbswGMyA+964bL24zcxzX9tM3mhgfvy5G+Jn/56M+0A75++dxUGzwy2/cSddSYdzI6C+7J1Dii3Enrqh4qgx+qSweW5oTn3aL0bYNRaz12X6S0f2/ACPFwYoyBnbGEVlGOr7JGL5nCkTOWMhKCzGcI74+PVQK9EVvIhf8WpAtUONGsgHK1ecVZybyo2+acE4JvfEv/01h/TDnDzxYu1q7KPgEpfEdQb4LbF5BtV+uyjPpdrtsfnsnSA5bZr9rbD5Jsr8plc3F5U+b83NgKy1YDHNgF3bGOBctmrCc92QtCoWAlVNo/Hhv0MDBhXaC3QzEpMC/qBFeOOhhYZGVDsaPXN48N7gH/5R5oCUnX3Hjw/LfkEWMUCWkW+XbDWU1U6B3drI4MBcnxFBiuAr4d9kgVMXBhcrgZQv5zwwNK2N+CFcptsuxc8/dxTDDv0+bX6rWhUAfpx8CvYMxDKjGXGKRgfmGL8NO1nqrUD4cT7Kn46A/+eroBrp68+OwhY1Qf1HGBi185SDxDsMbiAqtqFIQPbo6uGOEAbQP9Y/xgoA/OBJVhVywK6xIMACj/L1ew3qjjAygSgBjqNUWM1VNJA6yNO/QDkV+qZEJc2/pVIH4/eJH6dx6/TDVD2fPP+uwQgl0REra5dn1UULAKrlQrqXK27u0Xu4K7bR1mGgApygPZZXT33x9ovX83Pb3s96l6PmrIt9No2lK88verE+4QxKogaQ+H3qijbhVlABmKxUCSWz4yHFOPgfKsKvx0HVSi0xSXphvMcoOTik8Sv8/pR2o2BbWsPLrVJHgxu3uN+mm23GEwiix1MJspizxlq75iFDwc3UJY+cLv6HO0O7oKG8vUJdTlQC+p+L/T2q+8olwJ32CP3ItplEEUUWn20TAsRDZeLnU6aLoPlgZgzH1TMcCcThRU6FkkkkQuT6Z2FSeNDb/0i7IH/dXHs+wacP/iufrIFBMSlHAIiIAJ+f4Ci3KfsfLVgBAEJAbOl0gKY6TorQUAywLzj5hMglUhrIK/xzxUZh0eFVJ6RLBrPJmtxtjHpi8ilyVpUXBMIYHFTPF4oL5VeB0nBjPjY4SGJFydrIu4qTNJEfK4r6YucrE3apOmpMACPzTR1m4+2FLPfFnYn7TfZ55I2KRAna9FQkPRFSrKTNumuEVwW/i7imwGONNVKwJxx2P98doYZamamrx/SpDgjl01GWYe0EMezGqAw6+QhTQpvLILo1I3/tHPHLA7CUBzA0ZPGtgiBtwS6SUII3Ooi6WBRssZPEO1WJ9cu6tpPcf2o7d3Nvu1Ajrc/QvIj7/11CdYPSfHBsutQbQjwfO1kxjUgu3aah1kUzXpFyW3HQnRHj56emLtggPUJRHVZFqzF74rl3yttB7Buz/r4TmNk1zwDxUyn1iuEn4Hd+IRMyp+n56eRl+slvl/aI7gB61Rf/n4/bAdQOxhjX9TYzSi8jZ8pAlhBNFgxTkhJzN1DpjUgg+DRQdPyXYT9ND0bKwHyLYXI516pUmMDrtJK9FYjOqxP5vcUNdjd+ZLBZAmW5ofcmCB0QEqElftDLCmF/1EKEyABEiABEiABEiABEiABEiABEiABEiABEiAB/j3gC9GQ/yts66FeAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

Rainbow text

![STIX
Fonts](data:image/png;base64,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)

STIX Fonts

![Unicode
minus](data:image/png;base64,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)

Unicode minus

![Usetex Baseline
Test](data:image/png;base64,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)

Usetex Baseline Test

![Usetex
Fonteffects](data:image/png;base64,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)

Usetex Fonteffects

![Annotation
Polar](data:image/png;base64,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)

Annotation Polar

![Fig Axes Customize
Simple](data:image/png;base64,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)

Fig Axes Customize Simple

![Simple axes
labels](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAABIFBMVEVHcEyAgIDw8PDc2NWFhYW7u7uwsLD///8fd7T9/f0ZTHCJiYgderkVcbHy8vKnp6f09PT+/v/s7OzHx8eDg4MYdLO00+gcdrScnJxwcHAsf7n4+/3l5eV1dXX5+fnS0tIle7apy+M8ib7h4eH29vbb6fPR4/DLysp5eXnd3d3Pz8+QkJBFjsHW1tXB2utrpc4zg7uQvNp6fH1oaGh2rNH7/f7q6urt9Pq2trZioMru7u5am8jZ2dmVlZXw9vqrq6tVmMbJ3u30+fsRR22XwNykpKSFtdZ+sdShxt+ZmZlfX1+fn5/m8Pe+vr7i7vZPlcXq8viioqJOTk4ferrBwcGLudgQb7LU1NRBQUFXV1fCwsINbK4rV3UsLCzExMRHZ30ZTnBlAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAADx9JREFUeNrs3f1Tos4fAPCDCRaGSUU9ExREMQXBJzTy2dOxfEgrm/pWd3P9/3/Gd+n61FV3gQqe6b5/sEl3MF7usu99g/Tly3MAFE7jyx8DuSBABIgAESAKBIgAESACRIEAESACRIAoECACRIAIEAUCRIAIEAGiQIAIEAEiQBQIEAEiQASIABEgAkSACBABbjRgLY4AVwrCRIALB32inNEAsDWlLZImGTVqIMgYCfjMCT47A2f4meBn5zKo5eDTLQT4LsRsrkIAEL/K5kSuxVVC96YyJ+5xALCZctWqwNcnufYYTPKCv3bvQ4DvANvC1Rj+MCokLbQUAlRyd5xwD4+GJIYZmiZqwh0pV2654J0g3JsI8G1k74OKBkcy3brKCS0DAt7e53wNOKrlO6b7M3tdCVb8oFLxi1d5H04jwLcRnwhXUQBMQaiYSgsjACcTE4ERYae867Z+mvD1OxLMf8YBORE0EQG+C1z1BeCUYbYCoCHiafgAzBZuvdIQ6SALGjJ8UjStJiqOJhGUSCPAxQETxG5E3j3A4MxaVPkI+fE3zk/uQswV9wDzlTacBbE297g43RN3Yoz6GBeH8PXYyixAG64RGnFlyfz/6LyQLA+rxWKxWh4VDmMbDmi6CTiDqVlcAGMI2GXu00vgHY6KKZ4v6d/qxWK9qZd4PlUf9Po7AogzXLyGKySnPg7hRXvgUeZGl0r1cuSwE2N/PdM/LwygaGpYiO0CoByNJh5Ec557/C28GODx6EKCUJ33r/R7ZV3Sy+c7MIRfxUKA05sSX/x7N6MzwxJfzSDAv/Gd8iW7HnY80qXiIQL8Q3TKfGlwbN+uH9Gl6jkCfBuRFF8+dtSSjSVT/KCPAH+Pwzq1SK/q3Eh6DwG+ZC4DXi8AdpE/GIoPOwjwCeObVF50RLIgWUoVEKAVSf5iqczkvE7dxBBgp0idLjkhsCPp4nDXATN6aYWBmNH5yBYCBqz6QTqIOwBMSs2VUrp+lTqNbRtglhNkQHNMF9gVE2LD1XcffgTTLQNUWoQGxIpmFRPUhBD4+9Kt6cIAZDOpVGa7AIXG7R5g5VwlDgARnfy1HujWnk+bUmSrAMMP3XFcxH2V1odDOMI3L9354+GRYMBuEaBs7JlRUzO67EeTyIiqunf0H1HD2PYAOkljjk7d7TQRqd7ZJcB+UUq6uwO90sV0dwAvm7zry9hDPXW4K4DnuheJx+U3vrcbgJmU7klBuVP8h+nMGgF7pW+X3uxErEolPydgK9D10w4BC1Lds2o8nNtHnxKQyWJh1RlgRKp6mbENDsqfEfBsEjqTHQEmqeGRpzsyok7pzweYU0HIdAI4om683pMkVT36bIDqZBZSfhvCsoVJq+l3gGVq4P2uRKRi/5MBhirtKPEycAiBuwW0ZhiB18UEek2H+AL/D5Z1qwAG/POTE/9L2U+QQwyIcyCchYObqPz3Aj1cV5LR45vHnwkwXSOI2uyl7Cc0EntAVYA2g52TfAEcrC3Nzax/YbzaJBIPK+RLbYWpReeJIJdf8vpAVxbGHi12Xgd7Xs+4A4hlG4b624fR9vnFLFb7oJzldZyvo7Tw+8e0GmD7jBAcpTHri+lFKeP9geLSpSFMGG0VbBYgOG56XJx5PVWtBphlGFLcMECraOvhtTNs4XW6uWI1Rg3fxTcN0CrOeDfvR96c0lkN8MQgfGDjAL0szsAl95GLacxHRv8Q0Fo7elKcYcsHA1fzQLCpgN6c74z9YU21rYBWacHthfEfTx1sLSDr+vnO84tSD+wOoLVecPUcYCalHwJvAeUQzAnp3Hd1MwCt852uJYRsgf/zKTEXAWWO0eAG7/234J8VE96k1FXX0pkRVe0D7wDZdCAQ8PsBhwOcw2bwmWt/Jf3PAQFddmcy7g+pMg08BGwwGKa1ScAF4R8drMC+lw9xAbABEXHjOtbzDy5EdHEI54SaErjGs7NffW8DhvDjsX+li9kfo1DS/z4buTmJzNpmmsDnUXlDJpGnqaRIDVY54UkPqOIHV1RscRrzvDIeUPXlh/G0/rH/DgDCMZhaehgXSqmPq4s7AQiOi8t9Q7EzpIrHAAEC63t5S3xDsZDibU/I7gqg9Q3F6mJHwmmVqtuf4tsZQOur8aWR86w6NuJTTuraOwTIHp9KesTZBUhHEV06PQYI8G2BpkhdROx7YSxy4fgOIbsFCECvLunJjyfkTlKX6o4LYbsGCNd2Rak0zPxtJB9Zt/gpLlBHdBFQnF0/VrW68Y0GhBOydSupm977ftjp3Sx8kykXAQPjCXzEuZNfdZjNBbRuxzVMSaXmTSQz7R8d0UdH/WkmctMsSanhoreKcweQjstynPYJwLpYAWC3AMRVIQA2OWKZUVHn+VIppet6qlTieb04yix+ias7gHibYbTA74Bke5IGmx6xy0xkNCjflAejSOZyucqri0OYJq+y6W7jvyG85wO7EG5OIrXuTMw+TyJYg/4vAO00AOu86WZsNB72Ko1hDOwpjAnmMMIVwWnTRTbKhb3bqHVLf28AXz5ME3P6sbLjkNOmDcPxRqPfnXZBXHG80TnxtFHgGeBz+M4cL1dreadNA443CmoJpy3TUccbJXKOmrkCyDq/ozTt/OzF59jo6oBxa0phVZ/TpmbLQfojqo97Gkw73ChMS2mHGw06aSk/3pxJbawBMCtwIcCODcH+zUIClwXimDFsscU9Iyxa/3vl2sH7CyE43sJz2/+JIcJZTwQtgdFsb4qhVvbgo18R4t4DhhN5DPi4x7ub2wSWT2DWzRg52a5lSwFGHi4dw/aA4VwLA+IEO7PtrKoAsATIGeSeLSCbgLmLyIknfu8BDVlWQIMDc9K2qSKrBvwxtz+Q58KAyYFomNNsh5uhxhWQvmtptu8PP2gmC/KKxtiP4QTsgWkO1M68Bxz7/e1bnMsp9pNW22qajhpB2x0wuTyXaOXJif2+jk+67XxAyGk1u5bWV6xyKqnJFduZRCQ4X96nhByMgJUBfZqGd335MGl/tx1c03xdE9vTgrZNr7GHFjwmPLScvT8uM3P7+fUBu1aJ9Hgvaz8xYQJBmvLeieg94K4HAkSACBABIkAEiAARIAJEgMsBtgRmb6siPF4v4Pexr7FNgcvGegEf/Fs2KH3hNQDGyQRQu6b3gL3IY6zzFqD4GgBN5SRvcieCVazIegrY/LEP48fFlgHWrhj/dw0oKpDbnKeA9X0KxkFqMCj3tgiQFABHti3AgOr3BDByenrTeQakDmAvvNkiQJnrGvLTEA55Alj/sf/1/AUQxn55iwBBizS9m0SOM5lM8yslbTOgl2kMm/zfwQEUky4R4HKR/IUmjWD+on99CxjzOqvZGkDKSmAOqLeAx9T+jyYCdAL4Op4B+YP9OgJcHrDDH3xtTqfTSwS4BOD54WGPh8NakqhUDAEuDvjtaU45OPiKAJcC/H97Z/+VqBLG8aOFIxG+o0KCphmiqaXFUvlS1raZ19vV7ehd67T//39xB7Cy28weBXLFne8vAs+Z4/hxmOeRQb6vIQLQ1ggkAAnA5QO8abVa9wSgZYD+jCAIGT8BaBkgTL1vv0sIQAsA34nLkkLaFkB/5tzQRcWVACW+r4ies98J0M8Zerx1JcA274uNg8bd4vLvAjhNzrtuBDhhkk2RLjLA8UWl1vX1dZX7AwD+qIuKrwscX1TKsyy7CD+XAgSA6pf5grEm4uyiUt6/oNwKUE8k9Cdk4T8JoLNlzPXFue7i8TcBaFHHjxx3G4/fEoBWAbLmKhIBaAOgFRGANgFypzc38z3HjgDEEITnfZ4AtA5QFwFIABKABCABSAASgBbVyefzVQLQuuJ24E0B7uybarkCYGgykUDOdI1cEYD5BJeAGsVdAVAZlJoq3/TQzlxQtQ8wHJ5eSGTjLjmFZYZKAj4FJNVnD+DJzs7Orl2A2YODrLsAKgVV6wExB5RS3R7AIyGbFWzyM1Y4XQVQGbZzCu9z4r9yN6N3d2zYlUsA5pJfH0BxkHIgidywfiflmjnQsTKGACQACUDXAqRhCfONALQAsNNqtcIAXB46UML8f42pZepkrQGeZoRsB4AK62gJY0gwlblca4AXLCfAIXLJ+h1XwhR3fnz8rbO+ADl/5rRavUj4P00cy2a+rDNA/6L3sS0+FoX1Atg5vz84ngH46Vo7gAI7uicAbQA8THAXBCABSAC6HWAc1i+HiWUBzJ9WT+OrCTCsUpH3APcrlcrU4bcDN/W1xnzFkO7EeDIFePQ4+yyOTwUIC+n9R/axanbi8mS1AHrFrqhbUMjtlyP3I240vd3xrwQ30muW6sj4O1FWf4SdsL19AF+qie/ft5HCHYeR7QVbGAFhNx4/0hub/2kSZgB+gR2ZeWrFP7PPopE2lwOwGNM9P3K9Qr2XNPW0tXVVMzdLcPMnfP15tWXoCur1dXrso5wOvLyrqaem3rOu0b8ajEy7+rL79LLTFJcDUN7UHQ4D6TdtQI1ftxVPcJwubyBUL24gJfMbGC3cos0gDur9eqgbPRzPdNXcDTLll73UcgBGeB//S2+fAc7Ai8GYz4SwHoKMtGCLIi6zeXEucW8z0WKykYUbPeWXcRVnXprCuKzQ2K8e10LCtQioYMEWIXXpAIk+G2BKw9gElTWMLVV6ghxqKoUeHpKMeQMV56qnYI0BaTm0cgDLWgFp9SW12zySCB0combVPbGLnm0D3TsJU9zX0BZLssZj0FL/llcJoBSJRAKgz8sfphoY2EM4o4W9MCABpDtdowZi6I8t8TjTox4mi2h8AzOhMysFsBiLxdpAKX1IbRoMyOGPHmZSEgZSAOmaXfYAjJGUJGKyS38TQ3bsQRt11WLD5sqdwmm5NEAGPGIa/fmKQwoRCMCCCembSE+GMtJMjBo+o2fNqOxBn9upcV1bPYADSkLPgYMBuoKkkkFUjaj00Oed1E5qyCEY7Q3GaICDCca+LZw+WzmApIwhIgD/dIA02HtfwAT0uU0qEoBz8mP6XoUOqWFYO4ZTekYKUkBV6c0cATiX9n6I0VLxLiaWaoEkE4uAcMGrFXqSL0gAziemodaeNwN3dI0alu5k+NOD9hWe6YcmATifYtFU4bkU4oGnX280QnAERrzFu7JGRuCciorRr2Wf1AWDFFUrwVJ3MIl6Sl5GIQAt6qxoXMYiWZjUgUQfAP4HD0EBlf5nhNgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Simple axes labels

![Adding lines to
figures](data:image/png;base64,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)

Adding lines to figures

![Pyplot Two
Subplots](data:image/png;base64,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)

Pyplot Two Subplots

![Text
Commands](data:image/png;base64,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)

Text Commands

![Text
Layout](data:image/png;base64,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)

Text Layout

![Drawing fancy
boxes](data:image/png;base64,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)

Drawing fancy boxes

![Hatch
demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Hatch demo

![Axes
Divider](data:image/png;base64,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)

Axes Divider

![Demo Axes
Grid](data:image/png;base64,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