# matplotlib.pyplot.subplots

matplotlib.pyplot.subplots(nrows=1, ncols=1, *, sharex=False, sharey=False,
squeeze=True, subplot_kw=None, gridspec_kw=None, **fig_kw)[source]

    
Create a figure and a set of subplots.

This utility wrapper makes it convenient to create common layouts of subplots,
including the enclosing figure object, in a single call.

Parameters

    
nrows, ncolsint, default: 1

    
Number of rows/columns of the subplot grid.

sharex, shareybool or {'none', 'all', 'row', 'col'}, default: False

    
Controls sharing of properties among x (sharex) or y (sharey) axes:

  * True or 'all': x- or y-axis will be shared among all subplots.
  * False or 'none': each subplot x- or y-axis will be independent.
  * 'row': each subplot row will share an x- or y-axis.
  * 'col': each subplot column will share an x- or y-axis.

When subplots have a shared x-axis along a column, only the x tick labels of
the bottom subplot are created. Similarly, when subplots have a shared y-axis
along a row, only the y tick labels of the first column subplot are created.
To later turn other subplots' ticklabels on, use `tick_params`.

When subplots have a shared axis that has units, calling `set_units` will
update each axis with the new units.

squeezebool, default: True

    
  * If True, extra dimensions are squeezed out from the returned array of `Axes`:
    * if only one subplot is constructed (nrows=ncols=1), the resulting single Axes object is returned as a scalar.
    * for Nx1 or 1xM subplots, the returned object is a 1D numpy object array of Axes objects.
    * for NxM, subplots with N>1 and M>1 are returned as a 2D array.
  * If False, no squeezing at all is done: the returned Axes object is always a 2D array containing Axes instances, even if it ends up being 1x1.

subplot_kwdict, optional

    
Dict with keywords passed to the `add_subplot` call used to create each
subplot.

gridspec_kwdict, optional

    
Dict with keywords passed to the `GridSpec` constructor used to create the
grid the subplots are placed on.

**fig_kw

    
All additional keyword arguments are passed to the `pyplot.figure` call.

Returns

    
fig`Figure`

ax`axes.Axes` or array of Axes

    
ax can be either a single `Axes` object or an array of Axes objects if more
than one subplot was created. The dimensions of the resulting array can be
controlled with the squeeze keyword, see above.

Typical idioms for handling the return value are:

    
    # using the variable ax for single a Axes
    fig, ax = plt.subplots()
    
    # using the variable axs for multiple Axes
    fig, axs = plt.subplots(2, 2)
    
    # using tuple unpacking for multiple Axes
    fig, (ax1, ax2) = plt.subplots(1, 2)
    fig, ((ax1, ax2), (ax3, ax4)) = plt.subplots(2, 2)
    
The names `ax` and pluralized `axs` are preferred over `axes` because for the
latter it's not clear if it refers to a single `Axes` instance or a collection
of these.

See also

`pyplot.figure`

`pyplot.subplot`

`pyplot.axes`

`Figure.subplots`

`Figure.add_subplot`

#### Examples

    
    # First create some toy data:
    x = np.linspace(0, 2*np.pi, 400)
    y = np.sin(x**2)
    
    # Create just a figure and only one subplot
    fig, ax = plt.subplots()
    ax.plot(x, y)
    ax.set_title('Simple plot')
    
    # Create two subplots and unpack the output array immediately
    f, (ax1, ax2) = plt.subplots(1, 2, sharey=True)
    ax1.plot(x, y)
    ax1.set_title('Sharing Y axis')
    ax2.scatter(x, y)
    
    # Create four polar axes and access them through the returned array
    fig, axs = plt.subplots(2, 2, subplot_kw=dict(projection="polar"))
    axs[0, 0].plot(x, y)
    axs[1, 1].scatter(x, y)
    
    # Share a X axis with each column of subplots
    plt.subplots(2, 2, sharex='col')
    
    # Share a Y axis with each row of subplots
    plt.subplots(2, 2, sharey='row')
    
    # Share both X and Y axes with all subplots
    plt.subplots(2, 2, sharex='all', sharey='all')
    
    # Note that this is the same as
    plt.subplots(2, 2, sharex=True, sharey=True)
    
    # Create figure number 10 with a single subplot
    # and clears it if it already exists.
    fig, ax = plt.subplots(num=10, clear=True)
    
## Examples using `matplotlib.pyplot.subplots`

![Bar Label
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Bar Label Demo

![Stacked bar
chart](data:image/png;base64,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)

Stacked bar chart

![Grouped bar chart with
labels](data:image/png;base64,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)

Grouped bar chart with labels

![Horizontal bar
chart](data:image/png;base64,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)

Horizontal bar chart

![Broken
Barh](data:image/png;base64,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)

Broken Barh

![Plotting categorical
variables](data:image/png;base64,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)

Plotting categorical variables

![Plotting the coherence of two
signals](data:image/png;base64,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)

Plotting the coherence of two signals

![CSD
Demo](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAADAFBMVEVHcEz7+/v8/fz6+vry8vLg4ODr6+v////m5ub5+fnZ2dmLi4vGxsalpaXc29t+fn6BgYH+///X19f+/v7z8/Pt7e2Dg4PY2Njv7+/x8PBam8lRlcWIiIji4uLm5eX/nkj/o1D8///z+fyHh4fk5ORJkcL/m0L/fQj/ewRWmMfq6emKudn3+/1gnsr/gA7/p1lGj8FNk8Po6Oj/gxSEtdbH3u5xqdDe6/T/iiP/+vRrpc3i7fb/48quz+Uzg7ru9fn/8eSmyODm8Pf/6NLR5PJkocu10+nN4e/19fX/lzr//v3/hxtxcnH/38F/stXe3t3/9On/z6N2rNF5eXn/q2H/ypybwt7C2+3w9/u/2Or//PnP0NBno8yen5+gxuCEhYSRvNt0dHSXv9yTlJS61ej/r2f/9+7/smz+1rLa6fP/kzP/w43p8/mysrL8/f6PkJD/7t3/06v/kCz+6tjT1NR7r9LJycn/x5SqzOP/un1CjMCbm5srf7n/tXP5/P6ioqL/27nMzMy2tratra18fHvW5/KoqaglfLg3hr0+isDAwMAedrT/dgAWdruz0OP/uHdtbW2YmJj/vYPBejcZdLP0fxbmjDvW1tb/wYjDw8Pvkj/bhzojebV/f38VcbG0e0IPbrB2d3b39/c9iLzttIHfeyFtn8HMei7Mgz6lv9C8vb3xq2yIeWjUfi65ubn0m0vD0973jjFTU1Ome0/Ag0npehZ+o7vtgSFLlsvbkk+Db1taWlqGrMXtiC1Zlb+cs8Gwwcz0o1owdqSci3T0dQe4m33tzbHJkl2zil9oaGiKs8/Mn3SUd1V/gYC/zdadgWGWuM9mp9bc7/zIqoxiYmJpi59ik7NSiq7i5upieIHrwJnUs5Pk3NXewabnm1WPweZQdoqhyufX29/htYxEeZplZWV0st7M2eLepnFagJXTw7PY4ejd0MPDt6iLn6iel4m4yNIgc6xHRUQ9ga51iZFxfHvu3Mt7lqXk6/CtpJby9vn28u6WqbKJg3lMbn+RjYL/gD4bAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAIABJREFUeNrsmHtQU2cWwNUWDlsflUW6EhYT0NwkEBKyQIAQ8iAEyrMJEgIIyCAJCKg8ZJIwoBkZSiIBKgilYAMKLL6o41RkddauUl+rzro+lq5r664rs2vtul3Gdord/WNvcoMlQCh3ePSfe/649879znw5+X3neZcteyVAyFxl2YxCcCEAEgAJgARAQgiABEACIAGQEAIgAZAASAAkhABIACQAEgAJIQASAAmABEBCCIAEQAIgAZCQ+QJ83QWP/MplEdUXdfN1iwVw89aVOORNXNpvvbly8TZf+yEu7bWLBXDtETyu7vI2Hu11LrjiaAMuUzx88Wi7b1w0gB547HBaj8tqL1wAnXCZ4rwJj7YvAZAASAAkABIAlwSgqw8B0DFAdyerqc6wbs0bP5sZYIynDwHQEUCnhMM1ADsOJ3hlJay2wtg6rUWPro9y+ENeuP6jxyZ8ANfhOh1cTabzAgHMqlmXsBwS3PftrXkvC+1btxz/vZOvvTjf6D7m7DuzOO9+x9HSZBF/5ezrrM1z/vuWuWj/sLkTHu017+PY3Pn9rQsDcNv+5Qkr4L0jH+w64n5gL8CqHffXTBkafbn1N3wdTZS718xh7PQSWDbo6f7tDa4vnnF1yzt4JuE1bVdxTMO7FwjgRys/+PANj7XHd+3Y4LJt74whHFdhDJpfCHsHVKAXo1nK5S5eCO8UtSp+ghB+LWujyz4n319mvbZ/a9aRmYsIzz95TkVkjxt2T0uOtFdiGhkA4dRUBoP3vc+iFZFylsrhmlqhVi9VG/PWtGP3T5J6zwUgNxi719bV2iv5GCpdIYYUbjRkcv0WC6A3n852uCgJlZPDlgjgyd6pbSAjlbRnDgCZldHYQ/rBGHulNIHBB6KlzJ6DUgZv0TywIJDieC1UV7hEAN3OX8iwf7OHE+3JnAPAYkEj9pBtzrNXEgp6wiE1GahmEmnxAGpiyXFT/4y+CHsoCiQvFUA4PySzf/E9NThgauayGBPW/F87gCGHtNhDkllrrx3Zw4mCpBzg1Xt6zg2gSI4fYBN7SpRa3pVBmIiP3mmsQvVSAWwtwR4yUiTY3+fUUoun5GsEXZLR7nlPBqg0i20505hqrx4SwAgGnhjyMqmVUoA8mx7I1I6M0MfLcANM0VGm7lf8NBbyy0JLQEVfMIDOG+DIrOPX+ct8mxfEN1nv2z3DOSH2OnxTmQxkgafVGEBZswi9+pkxbkxG5uRKERMMUZ6kdPBHM2RIjwGtx34TXqgqcpizWHpcAMNXQAZZQRbZitbE68cfI0Ch09kZKaxQRLYgADclJOz4xerZAaK2u7mibhaIVbVgkpAxZZbT01jlIAo8LcIAJpp06FVamYt5LCNoctsj9UcLsH8jMJQA44JDnjuhItO2RHHYd8jppVMBqvm54Y7UhdQQkJ2+SsZiJ9xzoo3SdhWuINNpSBg7/kKHaEEAflSzfNvhrNkBorbnoFmMH0iOK29GI066h2RrUFwblVi+ptGeQclQZwkGsDSekgF5lbYWpZaUzYPaV713pj8opZlaQNMgjFd1o+mU52/LEQgyswmJiQqTYirAgtbhCEc2h1QFA//C52hicUO9r/aQ2BV7L265sCmWTierT10/2bYwAH9eA7Dx3dkB3gMgoSz0hUhYQagaxFzwz5voRyqsdx2d9hAkfZ3lGEANhSwTGnJyk7AuhpTuDxE9bhMAGaBNrkh15WwHWH+RVxkJJIatEhWGyqA4aDoWlUpjKpoG8PJwqiObY+qjQd/xZ3IiKEk7IWr0uq2aHOsb+hdSGIiIOkY+6bSl9rh55kAPjw073p4d4E1vNw7qQHI2WVLAQjQ5QcDTTnQqjEgJGq4qOv0J8AeOSjCAzTqk/G4APMYiV8yNIoHWkGbbj0SFoFy/nBAOGoDuG4ATA1RPWw1ByhLBr3t6a52PNMU3WwC+bg8waUaD07KFeWPPoeDUeIocogVCCD7JuohVvYuDF74gyxKRks6R5AErQJ9n1fMEuO/4rs37ZgXYf425x4B6WrsuXy4np1CSciHZdvaRAvM/5CY5sOn0DlFiy1E+BjBfQymIuq2p4UIt6mZ+fiGeK1KrJvIQx7idE5wqNRiF1u+B0kbooWIRVoJQ5EDqnj5op7BiY6uneSB95I7rjO5nFmuHW9sVj8abm/ck1UVB+se0Uatbl3QUtj2hgAiRDPj/caDcmtATYjPmB3B/wspVq38EoI+wDnWmfEV7u0ZX3imIAL8KIZaeq8x3NCZKBuXEGbomsaslEQPILs2Pv3e0rJ+b8ekNdKITF3OYfods4xyTWqUlgbjOzGFaASaLa+sqsfCWICqND5Vn8dtomxvKVJbgYyOsphTLwZROBkh797up/XyxJSWn1/Oy/9Qaqrs0rlBFjd5Kh4gu1oOgcBBq9X0PL51Sef+uI3GAm9pfDhoF5J0vU88P4PLjLl6zfnk8f6mtPKSO08tn64uai5pFnWNK9dNRf1uvbCZVk9nqjrPfmHQFXS16K8A4Mr/ZdG6IPsB1H/qfKzDSmQHCJLNtnBN6CoIyIdxglmJfpCtyAw4ascmQT9a132U85oK85K8CrPWQxFt6KLJCV4COZSWBk9ucUtajzkgQKid7YR4VPQqtkXrnQGA85cS4nqLcPNgI2S2xnzZwQNnwRVf0E3p71HBbwdEgcb8kI1QFEbfiZYvdSJ+gpUTVjfWXkiVyClsT1nHraiLtgcCaVGobDgZcamKL2ka+oac8uXamAJyEBfIwpERjamuN7xvZMvjSOyQg0jsgnHswKM3W1JAYXDQTdvMwgEF+RkFlGsSVykDPLtIppc/+7Y3ovq7HWhRJIDqCqGMlwEcLtIZFkcW9mivltNCjUaAUCCfZ2liJck8l1TW8ZLFCe8cl5P982yeG3AH2lQYD0wJQ+fyyPHqsTX4mN7pfImKxIbuLpp8XQDc3cPsRgL0strJquK+p4+xVOl3u+sjUVEB/0GB1qK++HTY8aqeUd754cfvUladn5OAlrM4XIWo+MtQhQT47O3g6LI+U0fxZjNTYjbU+4YwkARqkUoElpNdvgpwkoyGgGPR0PZSmKKof/7rsJhMZaKnDOk0+TQNhSGAJlKCpinLJpCtFc+FO65JisHUg2FokfhCt5Vz9eIKGK7QhWu+4rKzz9uBL+bHO/Jsvvrwb3PDwXNq+y1dJY21FXdnKFoniMgVyWvJjRfMBeCDhfsL9VbMC/Esg5Q8Bo62soeHnLFop82uTSmW69xvrl5bPaX+r65STJQNjxpG2673XFPDPkHPVEiQD9KxTYeTvRlvj1RE8WeiX0Z/wzErYno7OMaTUbrR6/p9Ucw1q6szj8Cyt+1ZwcVu8htWcMJJzMOZEeoAGDBrlNiGEFhoM0IqCQmgiKKQYg0QpW6FWI0pIigk11CYkGtg0k3DJDncEMkLFwEQEykVxWGHxtoCutU73AJ2t+2U7Q7+eeT+885vzvr/n+Z9DXWzetT+AlKCBALyQpXAMiOFncSkN7K6Xghp9+RJgcpAy3IBwp2Wy0phE4TlySXbgLwwgtnSqd29LKn990rO7HFekWL8vZN2pzutD/04U1FjqrOQMU5l0oqbTX9bPBdeQ6SJvtcQSHCovYfWYwA29COIkJi4/wDcLLq49lfH/pjFVQ2xiqq0RhesG9mHXO+PnYAEbjZlsFnkBnhOe3q5/rOLoS6lN1ZqhLjHwDDDwQ8iZgAO3ehB/GiebRXdjmfS5aOtjGe/Ko/JQcNonvIKSmBa7aB8xdH7SvHIDIQJALOHJCWM65Ghh25h0WDe7NArLR4oBQ79iAXGYIVBnKysVDQE7F/FFaN/aOHvjxWVCZuR/kXjvwk0blJIr6y4j2DrvALLCoLCS+7lZfOE5KEHWwQct6s8ISfrsqvDT1YLGcXNkg17ETS+J+z0t/PWxv7wW4JWLq91xXvj+4Mp397stYldVJz2bjqIwbL7xnF3z5LBTgUF84ZhGMwaSxmEOQT+uzDKcjfZV62K6y0i5Z6tTGco9XgzU+DbU/wJSzuz1E7H3P1U8lgXX6meTQITP0OBYHDkeP3mcND6NfDWKnhYWHknkFh/u7d0H1X/EVokwWHE76RdWsRcI5PhxDiSKsqBNG2gsNOZu6WJFl9jfbGx7XtfmffKD7IWmWXiNDlQcB5lhx3O3G8WOhI1bAA1uVBjojSP5XOl1W4CsXQqScvyph3SC24f2GNiN95WBtfJ3pUIW9/eUyJduBS6/Lsw48tmHHmD1qoMZR/72pxMArLxS1SlA6xQoirCSnFj1jfc8tYi0TOIv1zg8xuaRrCb9lEpsoxyq74bTuyXxZ57qWvOVFMIzVJIphYtpqocUCgN9NYB2yCjOutsUD56noGdMTE+MdHkju4wWB7VE0cWGF5UmCbevt2qK6P2Abn6GotijAx6ZzMA/PLhu+RCx8DxcVpri2LQ7G7gYkTZQEf22iweQdKxRtTkV1+p3MdG4TJfMOAnw8Cv389ibl7D9eGqcI3jDpkwugrF1cPWhfDJkl5fK/l7scT7oEDWhXURNiHcqqtvUmx/JI0q4bNWPLm8t20Qurlv92f9+lVsJLlxZdWT1xq/+DEDhun+NmOHqalhTLbh123a/6cn2adioNX5n0Hi7B1Uh2ma9U2nsuufufQob6TB+l9emsA3L8/IyMO09LWxqNQ1+cWMIqXKiWip1SvE8zH1Yg/X6adkzruu/MtPNI+TCKrYJsbaptaYnms+nlAM1ZnVHnQJzC3KfMY/MYLquKsX4LXfXjwxquvbYp62wEbbI5rSuN4NGO95RPZ9Cp3NvzqDGe+tdW1XNrpW5Te5N5U9yb5mGwho+PeauVWBmha4npRNjd+ifynqM7lebbjXdPPOkqcV1oEY/a3DOyW9pzY3V0+6XlvuDZcGJzVteU7lThRuirnhEbc3Yt+79S24LTz5/xkKsVqS9n5gQlFLvw/MJQcUxfNKost5rshcVfqCuNXHtJBBUWRfS/yA6bxwe7dQ4AprZ6UAkYBenzlcEZ9HV/XDZGGEKK3QAKYIZT4pR/NAlsuiKZ1BBDyaALfdVndA/5Ud+UjsVRGW3WidonwQMJEuK6G32XhleGn3WGmFf0+ESLA5Wj1nIIKGoaxjQRgbh/Pq+EJSP75Os2xmfExYGfPL2ePKgfArl5QqvbXY2hMyX+ify2Q/1DdE9ZSDCE1f53I8JoaBSp/E2jA/KxzholyYL/GP1MgNcdSEjY8WvCzcnJ18rdP8yOfmtY8lR6xcD3ExGLHakfYIYQaBSfL8lHKUzsrigNXsgYtLCkjINtSZWBwmE5xUkDltleQbMNqQJptTS8YjECIf/WBYexyWWIcV7tw+iDwkkLUyWBkpgxgLeERWboIf2bBS29Jqcqnf0z5sNcxhttKurvdgyiReIRADLbbYoGX4fhvYiMRFFfUL2UWPjPbX5Y++irgnAn9iPxNSHMmAafklm18zuCIgN87o9sO0TLyJjb87LhgCvn+l8HLlCgZAuUjHDe8TgE88DOeC4r+97IEVnIVgH5zWOo6i9RwhaopYZ4JZTfy18/7WVa7aCNW+ArWsA+OOSeX69lqMaPA/9PAT15Xnu8a3wSWSAdBqAEIuj3ppKExmu2rATJOCxhwSGNbJZBdHWP0pK+daGA34WMZHfURQqlkKpmPRu3iA6XE8ywnwuxEY5ADCJ3Lo7NLFJiMIa63ybckbf0CJ/Bae2qu2TWZqAXekITWXpUpoGKw6AHx2vkPyIcl4WBPzl6aq6pz71miFQou1AhFQeh03Ea9pcdz+CSqH22R+QAGCFBAe9rCUcXkcvgcfxAMX0QCjd3xIHdngG+IHQnbnbAE/X67DOf9PlCIQuJhtBc9SyS+Sgm+tv/J11vjTih0omY0ceD4SdXdDyfAgQz9mKdo4KBdLWePu5fUs+NaKRDTSOqDqMIPjywpwrMA0UdxO2lUloZAE/XPY9MrEQoISWDeP4n8aApHV3+DRaIhdWKk9cVk7ro1vkvZjQqGufzDf41g9hAnUlU0A+4p2zO1Z2EZ72L43dFYjLV5mgZmBPoa4TxPEfKIod5/ksnLJFav1UtKe/T6gVr9RA1lEedWOt5+m5bDH2CA+QmQ/EqSRjHNh15vIB3EBxEw01uE3aO6rw/UX6HTSRlh3gpW8urCv4jQB55REkXMTic3aB84sMxiFGEgWq+0FQPoSUkGo1tUvj1XS5zKmcUeIB8vBtLo1a+fFAUpZKp9G7Zf9h59yDmsrOAD6jhK8q2iLSBRHuNas3WRcTMCqJZCEYUZOQNVmSKlGgonmY8MgDSSOJoohAycJCECLQtT5QfOyiVdRdx/WB7bb1LbNqV7vabbdj21U7nY5tZ6zbcwm44aFwUHb6B+cPhtx8nPvxu+d85zvf9537iL37xPWzuw0Un8U2AJfPrTp+qwq5EAqekXi8ouW2Z/Zlj8cEWnb7XWEj2k1YZZ4VOqNRvLCporzscvPDhbXvZ0DcuisuY/MVNcmyob2fllD9eZ+MpBQgb/EcLM1KjFh61KpUCClBSUTonnVpnwiVfIZvV1NEgMoCMCciCbKbkCNU8snku1dq7t9/IxHeedLAfDJUgJtyXi/cMgDABc5emXEhpSEM1rb/UGal2wJZtV0he/kH7/6TsNX9+gCUlHZFDNFYhSq7nqOWNDp/yTpQXu6RC/k8DscCErdJ/KtbJp4LFBy+xLbQ80XLokN7j8vBtXXcXVvduXfbKc72awIr37yooqJibvSepl1NtcmJydducxv2NhMkTwRiCekg374qO9tqA8P27VtvxjMjFrZYeXalCuJjAvdURCRPFbpy05i+xJeOlNNZ2fWwrCmDzo3F/uGgo+qPJ+bD3NMN4Q+HCjB8xrZxgQMAjEvolUQSS3SE0Mj+iJQa2HJgxvpKXIKFkpg8UtR4ZDfMT0jzSZolAtCrHRybuK6sg3+gvNYjFPNYPJlSakQLScAttdsLGi/fal5wlM2FtL0yBSy5MTdD0XDOebCRc+SuxshXrCmtRRZhUUWts+L92DeiLZI6z1aCkInQ0OVbyN8eO3WvRQjqIxdlMxTKG0mNcgvX7oLs6X+7WVvxbdJUqqDMlLgrMeusBEiMKZvToeKqT8TBvH11M/61criiMQggc21iz2tmiQipwzpVhTarSKmsrhiomIp4xFXQAKNju8asToK2YBY7R2eWVB4gz8YggDYeh2dV6/gcG4TeMtDJDjTMFNEfufUwZy8phfgTk9/SHD537cL2rZ9mI19HEF82vWI2xDlrbyTNjl0DRfzWL9hWiV0Kmhq7mLj6WeP0FrmQ175ZJlK7W642msVEjQMSI7IqZtb6ZZ0FhJzq2vPlpiGDlFuesEzON5pnZsCKM3W2YQXYu0lFlJrUPD7K8YLcbUO6rO9OD7/ZodXUeewA8bldapNygmcQ6TUiykYpW6f/6ZTZzDNSpEkkQ3Mw9JacXUR7hFYduNwOKDn6OR3wilkNh58mOY5svRAtJazSqXGJTmT5S2uPCQDdSc7S1rBZfB8MEbHvXkP8UYvB/SihQaxi8dLrFGZC7wXm5LcrMkr90oFSQkn0SAWXJQeLWST8ZAUkVzaIP3sJgKH1mABBROkdwGxHo0dsFPlf1plcQB72LyvjKimaESgIEymmYj92gU7mEHgdaBx2AqQfABASKTia84F5k55bsc5FQJ1XVl1suzAVSAn6flRCFuRmVZzu9PjFRrGXb7L64qA64sw9ctmnanXb6YzWIsLS2l4nEBFcO0TPnFf7lnOtnyakltujSGX2UjCztLA6uXJdGvHw3sGhAfzehg0bdhTiAlQQXBMCyLaA1P+hollCmtDyqvTPqHklbNp2CyiOVyM5hnx+sFYhx9bC4ysgdJrZ1RmzR0uN17MI4M0FnUH/eCDdJv3HbR3oKzqbn7sLLeprnGc6AWrQ6mEAsy+bJqCCfseNvuD1XrkOXDWhc50/rNFJZErIXRG7K+5Hq3tkVvrUC+r4DphT3tS0gHz6dIgA9/8mJyezGh8gpQZmZlcw1+8h69lKULH9L7tcVjYdLJFSfIWUUhLIZBrEYJGZ6N+6i8y5WgCTpytbnxtRxgSV26FKab6NzELnE0qagxw35+W+6UMp9fUl1dQLVa72bFA5CKndLdFoJG4DBM9zZvTK7bHMfROmauQw1Dqvqy4NFWAgcqJHR+IC1JFWC0zt4PTWSGtkGUDLEvpdqlHxfZ9VaJqSHIkvQyslJVz4FqAYzWPL7u4U0eSIYNC7ucSD45YeZZlpXwb0VYV43O6CjgOqb5ig1RJgllEa4NJjfvbPK3tVN9RI+/y1QIMWp/Ky6/pHQwUIgVH5eeG4AAWkDKkodPXWqIZ12AYuns3vkomQaDs/15B0hUZ3zSMCBL2OOYR0p4fWJiHfkWeldNaigcvbuAaVGjrOkqvWg4tEtyAIqS8VFVdaOahFcn7CvPLsqvueoQIs3jQlrxgXoIbgCfuTVbN/nwhqmX/ZjtraVeaoQBgFMtczgCp43jkRJlrBa4w8UmCUDwzQ5SWE8IBofRiMNrzoodAQBUakXfChLwcFcNmuH5dn18jODxXgxq+qg7ABSkmOuP+i0K8DQOTwX+wsLJXfyLV2JyZtfC286KCN2cLRaqzCgQHa6X3cX62nnqAZwUa3UtEj2ybwZawG09bHrH6HaWKdGipAWLI4bBIuQNDz+y3lkxvv9JYuYjv8AT5bCAnVCwGGiDhV0hrRwACL6EKmQ81tp5EXRVeV659VeA3ypFJISXQu2Dmf//c7dKRpy9avrEAc2bvWUM62+396hoTgvhAg8jC8gyrx7QwGLr3YdgYZCdpAuPSYAH2GRvZ43HcKUCB6jnSfs3JmjqVfwYEASin7oADS4ejgBQeb/04zRz6j2jQUgBbrnSmvBGBY5mYGwOK8HfXh700Jej7A57Y+AKVyRb+CQvGLAYJSOCiAZh6ilv3NB4doA1GD7icdCkCDJOrVACwsDvoBQM6qsTsYv8jxmcZMrBN+w3rYMLIfVRR8NOSCH+wtobfUPUqEcQ4bCrUv/9KJqPT09E0/G7s4JQTytkHKrE3VdJcfFp6sZ2C05VjS9ctxpBkbJ/a9doe/O5IRefovhyIZDAn69duWj9H5kjsbf/iyAMODgoLq8/ZPSB21c8uGsPd2QuBXIWjW5KdEhQ++Bbw2LQBDOnJsAE7nE/tRJcxqDwgPSEr4N/pJmPy6C2DgdD5pwqs5bMhYmbK8fktoasp+Rmaqr2AhM2D4pnAY5oHr/lQx0qGLuM6KT1WP9So0CqfvV1XetnMSjBoDowNgVLd3+P/+zgS/RUrR42DNyEsnBgfwuW0E4AjAEYAjAEcAjgAcATgCcATgSwHMHIOlB9ZLJhdjvWQSZmGpMikQK64xZbgAphSOx2h5WNKFq8YPX+fVWJ1Xpw4XwB37gwbfClLTCzCkCzcX4HS+cgNO59WXcDrf9P1hm8JYk3J8Po70xi1YUzh9Io50QTHWFB62kP6SUTh6RGHFbsLx3uI7DSu2GzYLR3o0Y7gAjrSXAxgeFIrjOhTgeBqhQa9hSI9ZXoBlTULqMcR3FmybNiwAd27O24ExcQpO5mD8iz8tTN2Pgbu4+vUQjN4//MfYwQvnnyxmDAvACanwP/bOJyaNbQ3gYVCOAkUUKZW5mjx0FsOfhDH8SSAwgQgY00CCCcgDkQIbEsUNNASNxirW1oRg0sSY3JpbTEzqwty46Mbm9W69Sc1bNC93/ZKbu+imeUtXb4YZkCLKjNDcNswXF8fON8f683x/znc+ZhY22ASRJVaWsf6AhfJoQsRC2ze/IGGuLbmQhr8JwKHXQPT0mwEUv2bz5HjBgwU+c+2tn87mWdg7JCnxvgXAkdJJicV2QT4gYuEED86fstj5CTYOSiy8moSVO1FvLG1B3ySI7CfCLBZJZnmZhd28XF5hMbl6fr6XlX8Qs/jr9K2sy7k05rtMYzjhAHYXwBEFB7ANOViZ7IX6e0CPDMjkHED2kjhbXn95MTu+sDy8N54ocwDZyssVoWhpr/dP3puTs8S5jwPIGuByRrS0PbYFZk9LwiFuBbIW9axo++BEvQcS8vWtvWkOIHuBmow4gFweyAHkAHIAOYAcQA4gB5ADyAHkAHIAOYAcQA5gFwGEytPlqlyPWglzze9DpstQpwHy6BkfDkhp+fhEylCYa0r/Zs2P1dFsRxss5efh8hu6afhjrTmLz7jbCWKsKWPedMpCk3ETl6K27gQLHQQIrZQOICH9PLjxGkAe83Yx5o2+ir9VU1hDLe9Ql37fski0/iAxvi1TV1bgpugsI6FFIZYwE9/boy8+ZqpCpnMSmkKmqvfRfPqwMwDLPp9k7DRx9hoafUz2ksn7ZgVVR9uzz9AjJ4/sxX6GzjvD2M1nGAcmFprD1dFoZz9osxnmvz6jnoq3wN4HGjTH0R/OB3b8gzYQfarzsNZ3388UoMlxzPStt9AQ83DDGMsQ9D0ArMo9AOqS7/wcwPsDTKOe9xYO4P0BXsGpD7o0B/DeAJ2w8zdUxQG8N8AUdvUFwzmAzQEGzS3v8GBQWO/kADYFiNtjLe9I6mb2sSkOYFOA0eeRlndETTMKXYgD2AygCgvAc63u0BiA0JTjADYDqNGpWhunPwAk3ng3A+T7FD2yCfUNgL5i3gwsuRT1hHqjya9tervLBnwxQzcDFJ+vj07PXjTWA6GMPkh4OJdylSS4hmjQ5iUDZRD0OkxdWg+syMZ5YlLWV6kHhk8uetW09P2W/0MguDw8fnv0l0Dwq15wefRZoG4UwR/Yr+rwW52akUxuqJkKC81Jxpp91f/1frsVaYj6W0xIt7aWp+XPpIAqqIqXPvn6aBn7AI/2TX72fpZnj9Xq312T6sh7dV+jTP5X/9dYuEioMpGxjT6GMrYxxlSVheZEdZRpC2D/s9eP3+yRn4WEpqeny+qJJaks/Ke6wYRlH6opjFkYrrXGAAAMoUlEQVS/CCJEnI02K7pYERWQmDFtN5nw5NIENL3xsvptZjyhLouezDcEkZl3NccWiaaRFABuXZOfZYQHeUJcv9hdQUQ+vzfaKo3553EttAbzBlRLbtoGb94Q8AOesPZWqm4BOLB58ni4BcCZ/wSqw0EbSiZ6ZuSqaRrIE6aJUNxFAPljs5ne2VYAoX/ZGq4tYk5rgPi91upqL2lliDwAtdi6CeDYwJNSaZbXCiDWuKpUaCppJ7Z2jrqQgSNmwFOQ67CLAE5vhMMb+1CrrZw+1XBtUGmM7pqBFv35Gu0UtkYC1Bi6CeCk6Lz05Ly/BUAnciOyuorZV0mQRGPXG4+cBZAAo/5uAkgEkTL4+KgFwMLNQkw2rkNiQJdb1Me9dBHfoKkALEa6C+CDx2+WW5lwULnWeDFuUhr8Vj0OvPCOh/onna0C0IjKughgfxnI1aBVFC66bly0vdAlXaT9ptMmqrJQIDNoAqBZr+0mHzi+cropeia7G2DgZoXF+EqH6/Vuchij3mOZJYMHARBHnOkuMuGRk/VNoazFCvRmb1xM7WYBYq9kgUmdLC0DVr2ZAqhCjZFCF/nAr4S3LT2AFuiHil6/TyT69oamczUALFQXghlR+YPAUYkdBMC0y/Sq/vxJE+oigC8vtiehcImcfHhkQM6npazgN8riTpHnmaoMr2DHbpSn8fKI8fQ+n2fZzcJXPH6qzIdmZqDCzwjO49+U8j6fofTv9zNV3S+z1uT1tdfe1r++lag8dlmwPj+/tPxpWwqNPCEBbo+fhYW07IuFjaL4/ZLsfazI8erz977j9z5iOHQglBwfZfRvJZdHl5Iv7z8ojo+V72g9ia9+ggNhc5Hc+FEHCiFDYaE5VB2J22uwXJc+XflIbuWGn4rFmQcJUCo/ot/azrg/UPPcbwAmR8UwCc1QCGiyILDrASYYVeatqTx91r4YM1zXcGS31e4K/2ijHsjY2IWdMuEFYiJR7VFBgq3ZJZ7of3uyhq3c3QCDcWITonPTPrASYvIedDUE0OAamV27yDwnFY8guqPFu3zgmoMISoUd6w/lA0tLp6cX149O540A2UjPCGAFkFh0SgAb6wCCqB112QB9EFpUpkHhyJQzy5ShuwAaD4lVrHll/KEAnqzMr2+2qsa0BOiBtVS9oQowbXF4A1qYqkFcIVPEzqWSDxHhOb14G0CLEoVUSD73QwH0QWNSMWgXYAo2Y856gCA9qNEswrTz8xoqBylUvSG0o5yqAgzVm2tB70SLUZfhRpPwdw1QOixd2uppF6AVNsL4VwCJ7YvXDNNl6ynEjFUWYwHRAksshq5RANcQR90kBi+w2TFjrmHbY3XeERrS7itWAHF3xwGK34BxQbsAcdSmVDUAtJk8cHVPF4koK0MVlsL11kHYRgHEV71fF7TT1jnCnw4CrcNzfVCQldAA52qb7ILfT02N2x13A9TGvupXzFU9bMcAhh8fQJv8dgFqlXGqtbcOYEhHhBZakod0lTUSdRN8kpgKQApyP6is29vQx3lkMaJgP6Lq2lOqNIbRW00VTMJK4WTt26SnjN/8M6y9E6DnFX3CQG3QTYgO6jDACdBz0LYPBMosVQWsAzgFO2oN51o0SVPVk0tmDQ4CWbiYTuYRFe5wXIE08dsllRQnHDMDtysIkxU0fMeN219cEhMQmAyrhHGr8jotCESIDInKoLDqzLcAjNtd5LRWk508C1vUp9BiZwES5sv76VHbACOovxGgGdNcG+hV1ZgLXnKdeYlA8W7XGjChKQOmj4I4QbR6FLCmDIKYYa1SmygeGowwTOzEs0jUjyXhOWBDLS4PEgQWqoYWzTpcg3cAHNQ5YDJkxXXGvJFMqIDD1VmAA4T/22ofYNZuaAToRCO3drqFUODJw45s1OLAUiHUiWjyOVexms3kyC8ijVSBSFZp0JjeE2Yd1WmsMiIdQotaw05EBuJUgcgQw+t7igksX5fSnHrc4K0U0IED1QJ/HJgRvKMATz8lSglZ2wA1h4FGgHNK/a29ljgyBf/bFnEZY4gyrUVdFuDZsVdBeGODsIdYhFN5A+JE7e7oMdBQ69vkMBJhHDgJBEmUOprJkV+1bCoM3HqYjj9xsiTk1hHZEaFusYE5zJxGCiCNhjpbjclsimXt+8DoYa4RoFb3/NZu30HLkUWSenHkdP9CgI/9Qji0XKS6dqJ+/P/tnU9oGlkcx3H886LWP6kzxvHfIa2H/BGcklZoMKHSplKkAx3oJlibjOMlB+PFSIlBUSd2m0AwsFACMaBCIR5CyGEvCd29ptCSQw49F0IOvZQc97TjTDWpW+NzNdlumXdRnC8zvs/M+/1+7/dm5keMgl8s5sfEPBhZcXMRkkuAcm+AqC06zxLVZZo5zhQ+r6/BTJb3gTMUEtxK0vJy4vbjhRAwmF9wOm78mqfcnPMCgmG5pHQWmUotS7Lb7QP0bE41AgTO3x42Bz42qkVcv84tjXGmzj1SdRhnMYpjggsUxxeJueF+MLWQ9L5auCPAXVqpL5n+xd9BMs7NddyuWqDieckZAy9w8mZ2iVgdI4YmOMwes6G/alFHZlafcfbyNuHtvzSAWMB6Qxk8aDMbU/WGm8K09/wT63c3Zpvq+0eBCsxbQPJ7jJ8sVN33CH9Kkm7Qu+/5enEmPWcxizls4HO5wmLW+Aw3OM1PB4Y4lzLqfBXilyFmheXCSceS18GBnHgwUh3Vw5YyF7Oqug6wpOrrIwGgrgMFf3+gPObvqZXRVgRa1fDe2Tjhy3JjZ0r0zuLnpqW6ZagpIFs9lMl839vZ5ju0+ikIcTzm+7ofma++Q/RJeSBcChMyHN2yoA9dGyNo2IW92ThEcdS0U37oexBCUUGN3g2dWDBcduJwrXK/yD5+fhtCA1jtaGSXnhe+xUSjKUTrR4CC5b1LYq9eGV4bb1Hq3fZhbIcvE0+eKW37Y58uqg7PKW1Ntj3b+mbLte9pTu6Fxr4cOjkhSeyXD7cI25sn9v0V/m/Y3zn+LO/U9mE7dG695T4/lRdPqr/Z7B/KO3GytqN0N9+ZAKJZIE2dCvcLtvPOhPH5/n8M4eeu3gun8803zUEpH91zCA//TKzMAy/hNd8GgRdCNnb42cK5GfV98wzvxZ1ELVd79zl5OfdIA5UPSCvb19p2InXU5zrrsVz2qpx7yiskYidBrzlk6T+HevjcSZi0OHnQT+su6Om89sd84PobgN6pq1zWHFqcb5qNcb7ko59k3QWFnX3/A4BXuy4c3vQ0BTiz2ZDlnnXERICNKclqRrcJwPCKu8FkE18eiQAb/VjzhOroQMNDzEnzH0AECJ/S751sjAfu/C4C7GhNZOiNCLAjgJ63IsCOAN53SESAnQD0OkZFgJ0AHN4aFwF2AhBc0lQOTVhjCMP8e4BIHzwWAI0FXvlfv72tok/TyPJBdecIosMkX5uvTwLZStdhlUpopfS1FFZ6XQmtLNW+9XQpnYVvZzLr8qPjFBBusNS832MLOr4VqL33OqhWoHYLkEp2Vwfb2lCysIffPetctDsATZFsdjmYw/JKtMgPxnNtsIBANpyFVfooWKWSUsJKKR+sksXrX0EXh3CatjIS5jTVYEpk0BWjfdBKaQLariagXUNCAqsMwpaua9MLD5KIQU42lkM2QP8v8NMpxVfBd9i6ARDJGaGiE/n7bRDTZyFCiYB1DZUmrD2tlWQ0Oqgy5qAGcSWIpKZhiokH1RquT6orAxhn07QSQoelrIg/QEFUT5eTiVyGqRhbs8Zv5tRUmo1DHN6WLy5Px4utWRuOUra4Lk1LrgpgLgtoqJq/6ShOA00WapqTVgdKfmlrYWQvVwRZDYT/Uq9PMxXgx1sDzKxR0QzwK64KYCQB8igcQEkeMNsQLpjJAqaC0TAjM+73g0QE4qo+yJ+yWUkeyr1O0xoDXJ+6AXCQpoIwcyS7fzcdZCmIizV4moip/HQGAl9UF0lRNMzFYiALNprKQdj0NbVOy/Xp6rwwDlcw2aclFYCEOa8Y2YcBhQ1CiarsnCeRwTk7HJhgfAiwa0uwfRLDmB8hjBEBigB/WoA52mgHhm9qWle/V10WYhABtm7WbVyvX08Yt3FdYVoVBFE8p9fcKhoZqaYYCcpvrokAWwA8ZnbJyNHaUTBlO0rrAb28t7ZXOcaLFdpXygQ1ERHgxU19DdCohg28DmZNBwGd8iBznA7EWFCI6ACC+vMmEeDFLREA0yaF/kauh2aPcPbGMcYYE1o1UMsZKgLUrGgDWzQJAqScD8FKoGT3lyQybn6P+QySaroOK/UUYyLANpJmscaZsXZd9MJiHCgCFAGKAH8UgH8DjBl06QZJigkAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

CSD Demo

![Curve with error
band](data:image/png;base64,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)

Curve with error band

![Errorbar
subsampling](data:image/png;base64,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)

Errorbar subsampling

![Eventplot
Demo](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAAAhFBMVEVHcEz/fw71+fvp6eofd7Tx8fGUZ70AAAD////09PWMVkv6+fzWJyj79/f/+fQsoCzr8/fe3t4iIiL1+vUyMjL97+r18O/U1NREREQSEhK/v7/MzMx+fn42mCqfn5+rq6uOjo7a2tri7fSysrLQ4u5hYWHk5OTz5+VtbW3s9uz8/PxibmB2wvUCAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAD9hJREFUeNrsXYlC6rwSPseIySiIBZRNPPp7Xd//AW+2SSdpq6UtNIVEhS5JoZ8zmbWTP39cE6nVbX9KW8IlAZgATAAmAFNLACYAE4AJwNQSgAnABGACMLUEYAIwAZgATC0BmABMACYAU0sAJgATgAnA1BKAPQPIj9Zi/PguADzWP5l+0OdCzJZ6a9THxw8eQBgJJtYJwMZ3sH3absVCM3ACsNEdvGbvGkBHgSAnKeAMyJzF1LTFeaa3OACoXoKDeu0fwJl4sZOQvvD1RHxcP1yL6+sHtS1/1UF9XEzkvnx/eLiWB8REvl1f2w7qrBpk/uS2HK76TOS1HnQffU3Tu/wORgY+MBiSKV8j6qQM+KPkmX1h7JwC13YSigFA80WYgixsTGMoCQ8Y51Gx8Ezz0CNPADZj4ZnHwv3N4iM8CYieNw8Cx0lP9dCXyNl5Ly4+LSESAihFhJEVXEkNZmUIKsCAQkT4AJ6xFC5SoANQUDmccQAUIZbeeBxSODYAA5uO4RsoDAXjCKDC0jA1TwASAOW5jFMQ9dyHG3rHkB7hXy1fYgHwStxcmT+9d3Vj3+FKXLEb3BeyB6gddUR1lz9Cn5NbZrw6Z8eqP3UUB9M7mAW2cAJwTwC3oS2sLQ43AYKZAEFzMkCZKh3ZHHhsAMW7AXA0cmqMr8NY1IQhRDA6TmQAzhb/+gIwW6wCdxaz1Ie4LQ1FcgMgoxTIowGwTwosqDHEBCaqDE5/2i5m3FdgOOtXkc5uVs6U6x1ApZwEdhzw3BVDNJh4WHgkVhHpgVqRLnXwM/0nWqF3Bop0ArClKWf4VUG45VKEoPwAMG5VoL6DKlvuR4RP3pQTBWdWZmWw1p+d2swb+hROH0DFwYy6YQj/ghXAwBMLlwOop0AWuFKRh/XkiEQXJwWO5d/9WL2OJ+bw/Vjc34/l63gyGU/G6jC+j83rRHeSG/d6/0Nvj+XeZKz6qm3lnVan9UXpHSxe37Y3HgWWSA6nQYNVCYF3/v/rCMC5vNXpx3g8nc7HO7kpD+3G892HvHl5YDLejce7uXjIAdxNp2prhwA+qOHTuT4lf+bT3Xgqt6dirnYLAD6LVy6eclPOOg5KBbD1ZBmCqyS737E9LIASsul8+iUB/JoaAOXmVB2eT6f2tH4TpvdUNt3JHJEn7a++jvqV11Lj5/ptGtzBerbmYjN0AFcmMtsHgEK8spkoZWEoyWnRrgQHU0NGPoQtvHCmXAxCJNddFGqQq4ImbNzWn3VQCoxBjQEDXxYoMszERDjDkFxTIE89KofClqKnUM24yVoANd7TYxKA1KUPhH25IDuMCpM2qvTpK9Lyd5OD6KXIsDY23JEA/HurX1W7N9u3f2/NhtlRJ+//yhehOtz+dQP0WHtEj79Vh2/xaqpDAvDgABJfwpLnQWE7M7pp0oZP4OwBLMREiBrIcM7DPYSSXAb43rPhiVHgUxjWVOkHhAIzG8m0jn4NJhxgCh6sEHkKU3yVrcGCiAi3CZbgsi1bKIKdA/jYI4Aj8Sr8FF/DxER/YcQpI2yC0X5huIMDuFDW/GQUjylHY5sCA8TAzKTIBPJ0PCy8SgC2AfDNJCbEE5UD6okR5M1k/3KXoQ+NHCAnn2CpZ0HM8NAbYEWwUWbAToGQMlRLATRcvPRdMZkVyMyJYEuCkAAMvTFAo+pLzOhAyy6znsH6DugzpECjBuqcQPTEaFrTR5jIY+vNePj048LWp7r1E4zylAT6sCI3u/tAeVIATmbSFt4kAFtQ4DawRFiQ05FhUMR6Y0iKTBR64MujePqe9Qfg88gAiCm+Ouzm+6AFpgcaVyGPLDvrUX7/594skXeVpb/xLZElWAnCiAoDGkCwCUYiKgBX4jMiUw7DIjj1MatXM8yMYSaglPE4ANysX79nz3FJYeaHMo03H/CBQyGSP/AXANVDXdSlYFPzDZaMF43g/bTpBGAC8BdvjP+oJjgYjRcayyVAYuEKCmQYTRJecA5zA42UyZ+2gegAvLi0r5cXevPyQlxeyhchj9xd3l3IF91DXP53qbqpnndq9/JC95Lt7lJdQJ3AS+ohdtxvSeaiGBE2ekxmQnDWn8Cjyc6KCUCOLr+gbbUb1VROgNielesRwM1MrP55ABr6WvIgOwuZFdxR0RTK06LAmfwhGaooRBjPH+9COWJ9/cJVkYnFFn7sF8C1eBkygBK+MKx5TADf+OxlEeqBQBUY++CDkSb2cc0fJC/vAcB3WrmodymsI2/MVwIZITcpjZc4AUKUyUV9AwheDAQTEbQfgUoT43VoEtk8dQA1kUlsttx76B+WxKHw+9MOZ6xIs5InRQCdgsalX7hATXWmEBE4URZW/qzMyzO3PkL7dEhmQiFNfdOn70xIADYG0AbN84JZLjdV2iZgfQk4HnTWb55mVBfMkwNwsfBMOS1CwHtIjlkiBJd61KZ4zMkB+K1NES87i5lIHOSWMK2mGoY1e82R3oiXDSx6ZuENSfEFXnxQSROgfe4f6RCdX/1TIKxUmm2PUbmnf4Ee2MsU3BjAmfjsMS5cqkgPCsDV4lXMHqNy6Q+MAuOLiQwXwLSag2i9nshoVOs/xutREN/z3z8aNSGbUadMlQDsF8DUEoA9AqiLT7BVQcvd6tI4eTel+D6vw5Gw+S6MfBVv9ND7Vogs+IASlbpUW62ypGaVozaz6mGHAdCsSrCkh7bazlJvtNtG3CzX4cjP1Vth5Pfa95DIg5/+B5R8WOlXW7AfoN1UnZq9RUGB8CgKFCgKFJiNngsjn8UqhKgZBY7EqhLAylEzEXylNAcmIZIATACmlgBMACYAE4Bl7X10pPZe4Uno9eO78Ace6w54v/+/Tv2Bn+pq1uBJHukmFDjTlXQTgG0ANOZ9NzVUmakZXdImstUH8JAFXTsHEM1778L/+a3ul5tWAnit14ysCyDAUACsuvCl36pH3eqGe18EwCtsDQAcDgvXvnBV8wrbienu/h63b7CdJYAXfqsNYKLAfVnYB3A+z8/4AD7Idk4A3vmtNgVOqwA8VTWmawqsZOFzA7B286UwnQN9IXJuLNywTXdOXU5qTL12r1uSwp3pgTkF1rFESPD7XIWIPwdSNcZvFXMgBr9Ho2ECqCLirzePLRTplrawpL/3IQOocjK+ucroCHKkG6ox1aZc+R288dliNWQWXssf484KAGyqSCc9sJ0tLIhEbuMPPFs1Zh6HGvOjPzZqU65akT6qJQL9r+76P781UWPO2x/YmAI/PvaRwh0DWCsSMFBvzFGESK1YVNSWSLU/sBEL8+GycEN3VrVH+tzUmNp6YF1/YBIi9RTpLuLChwwKxwdg0CopcA8WPvA6s50C+KIWdVvNuqNAYpWchUNVOROeOnSoVrcTFSL6EaN35Q9smlwU6IEfVRS4nyL9w5ep/T15xaCuWfhVWI9cM3dW4FAl/kDAthcL83IhUg3bLycYG5YQEfvpgYUaqgJ+o7EQXiggbcfbekaFCilRWyJiUhVUqvigYg3V35SZX1hYFYSCso8DGIJDdW+PdLGGao1pC36gwBJIBwXglNICnQPLPyisoWpXIYWgXD4EPEqvyWve1zBYuK0zgbsCvdxAX1Js0R51Z0p4vZzNIUpnQl131t6mnC3hC0WEuPCgJQVqS+dPXUUUCClG7VDtwpnglhPmBhLGqkSJrZKM5RjBFyKck7kkWjXGDypVqzG1AQQwZRb1XXs1U4HAZ0DRlGh78FCNKTA0HwALdwAglgg0O5aFveqxyMKc0Jg5Szg1J0M+pDmQemPcs1V72MKuUq+9W8iLL+YQgQBvUrN0i2CBBxzh3jgpMFCkW2Ym5FBxQUSFgRXI3GfKSwdsmmOoumbeZAmHoUBdqON5fRAKbOKNAbd8IehNyDLQJVOR5rRAQaq07O15DUw3XPsGJQgtOda5N8bUgOkouai1R1oDl3G6uBxKZVuz186LbtlrZovWauiQXw15EqT5ASlQrFt4YwIWrmx1FWnCwlnmdEHUrTNUoclyVfL0cunK5zG3cgGpdcf0UjhsAN4Yaon4rV5qB2PIkVR4oGix+355WkZwN+WTFdu7atQobWwNahH5cyLzShauLUSYXlUd1WMjKsCtSaCZV8+LjGXclebmGnnGce70VtMwdiHncVoi1VK4iSWi8UAIkA4VK2d2eRtGyc8KGmeL4FyoF15yPd2IbAgsvGsXVLIQMay57aQAlSdLDSdZxTTjhEEd24scZIEWX4TuLL/NW+uB+UIsYM06u7acoat8cnNzoCW1LBfiStpInmYMOwuqycQN4LytO0ve/HJJC8AzxosaTb7mJtStPDsMAJvkSG+LLGyAQxa2ggQcksugxn4WLN/iCRKcOo9syjUEsFFmwqNwtfQLBFVGYVZGMCBQ4XvmcTh4V4rTndVBZsKz55EOb9xbsp6HTK2UGitSCrDLfj7/D8Gl34UzIWA/s7KmD2VWOdehSCkZkA2AAtsWnfiBeX1iCpZsKXbDd4CDUqCyhbdi0V1UbtfuORHPQnPr8jE3o0FtqVtGqgfyxhhnQlNvTLUUbmjKFZcW9sVpjomPZVaCrSgrot85BWKR3i6y8r6+GntuS+fANk3huXQaj9qM0plQ3ZokWIYgLMvnRILLzwAenAI7D2u2Dqwffh2Mky57Et7ypoqYogewqSLd0iMdGr6lSgwrsZB/aq5vlKZc3ZoJzebAOppKlfbChkiBXy2DSgUbBC3cPRDdlhJudmQAG4Y1q+fA2oH10JTYmyy1beyWeD6wJdIewNAj3e554Yr5KyOKS97JhjNZ0S9IDBDtbTAUDUMAsHVMJKPr0oPvW0H3PFNuLAOtfmUenbJyZ+uRo3INTbm2zgSMEukgm/HDu4WFBZBQE/ED5l5/6rIGu1a7wZl+7mBSfH0APz7co9i/Z6j+v71za3EQBqLwQ1gc2SfDQBOVXpAuS///D9zUS3W7nUlpE0T25KEvUw1+SVqjZ+bMco3F9RM1jVmKjUYRR/ioquGFcpiX5U1BM63tUbE0vEGmHKleb9WRlpUJL2asz+qg6Ufx/tDfesly8a0/KRD9mu9naSaN9DXVK2Ud6Vckvnfuro9k6c82LQUizyP9GWAad1e5dpY2A5f+wrStdNc+1WvlUvAb9xdOexvzRkdwd4W7a3x49Gikgl2RYBkUeQ8HwPUB/vsGgOsCrOlUlyze9LREzojmoo5YPvNXQ3uO9u/08JHa5lMOc3cmJfytuXcmm4GlGzcmj1p71VKJjqlWAxg2shQHaEV/176dw3Z2r+DtCiVM1in+sakA2jBORw3ggVptW6MANBcf7X7IvhYJfZBRCHjrCw1QQYeLev4EAB2HjYlIqPaBr9WfTIgj44l30f5PqqWy5anGjdA6o4UrJubsSxh/IgAIgAAIgAAIgAAIgAAIgAAIgAAIgAAIgAAIgFsE+ANUXDw/mcl1OwAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

Eventplot Demo

![Filled
polygon](data:image/png;base64,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)

Filled polygon

![Fill Between and
Alpha](data:image/png;base64,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)

Fill Between and Alpha

![Filling the area between
lines](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAABBVBMVEVHcEyAgIDW5vKIiIjR4/Dm5uaLi4vS4/D////8/Pzr6+vz8vKDg4Pa6PPU5vLR4vDY5/P5+/3U5PH+/v48ib7x9vpWmMbm8Pf///9fnsr2+fzE2+zp8vjt9Pnd6vTj7vaIUETJ3ew/i7/29vXA2Oqxz+V0qtHg7PWGTUF6rtPU1daMVkv6+vrf39+szeR7e3uAstV0dHTLzM6pyuKFtNadnZ2UlJStqaqysrKieHBubm6lpaW7u7uognzDw8SlyOHVwbzw8PDg6O9fX1/fz8yixuDp3tyxjYZnZ2fu5uW4l5DJr6qSYFW+n5mabWRYWFisl5fz7exPT0+3tbZISEiRvNo5OTmj/TN4AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAACuRJREFUeNrt3Xlz2kgWAPAYhNXikEA9LBUGMF52x4yQVguzHAbMmDLj+0qcme//UVbCnsSYbukBunn9V6qiMsnP7+oWoE+fvi+CC7o+MRe6ICACIiAC4kJABERABMSFgAiIgAiICwEREAEREBcCIiACIiAuBERABERAXLsC5jL7sXJ+AZr5w31YB3m/APP6XuToPO0bYG4vALMIiIAIiIAIiICbLQkBd1mlowoC7rDKRQUBdwi/E0FAwK0XracUUUTAbVe1oQgiAm4dfjXVCj8E3DH8EHDL0a8ivoYfAm43uxS+8/kImO3Nid7TkgdYOhLf+fkGSHtPI2kwmEpJA1zOLgEAEjoZZb+l+zohubmZGEB7dBaDASSTF+Nry7RyeJh+aiVsdgkCcH5wmBnPukaCUtiaXdb8/KuB2mBgGINecpqIVFkPP19roL0SNMZYs4sgBgmYrDnww+yCgNucuyDg7htfBNypeaiyzBCsIyCwecjHveOPgmrxX3+WERDUPOTeY+dxJn/g++WnXxAQ1DwE+ardaZ595Pv87xqmMKx5yGfNTvNU+cCXUrGJ8JrH6sZXkGf3zc6LvMqXwi7s0DxW+4Ug91568gc+HGPgOw9BkF/HmPd8CMg5tmLuPIR1PgRkZi/r2EoUWXwIuMm5AYMPATc4N2DxISD43IDNt2eA9At1zt4KL3t5fD4C6jnJGkb1KAHenN2f3Tj8fb24MZ+PgLOnKZHMwygB3rY77Vt+9p786L3WxCerED4/I7A/Ii9pG9DQupEApPZm9sz11G+pMjwbHqsAPp/vC48n4xYh0/5FNO4Ln3fanXO3Uz97pYbNZvNZBvD5CCgNJpm++TVr/zkdkSayuFu4Zu8y6t4OXtz5/HxvzPW1RoxhDMYYae39BvJzu9l+LgL4/LwvHJc5sF5Y673y8fPpswLhw0H6Y/b+3XjVn3+F8O07IGffqxZh0Wef0ChH+wvIObXagE9R1JPq3gKy3+0C57P0GvXSux+YKMDL8xu34icoO/BZlbNQq67+yCQBLu6b9wvH4qfuwCcoQrFSXTuYSBCgvWtrX21Y/KB8ipI6KkuMH5skwCuncwNm8QPy2W1jpfAlFPDysXN6ySt+jNHlle8/brsORWzUStxXTVQTaV22OGem6pZ8nMKXVMANih8oeZeFz/k8O/mAlFX8QCcuVuryCt/N+eW+AJYb65OfxferS/JaqVuoVLnF9r75/Ywx2YBlRu8A8HFnlrd12+40T6XkA1a34nNK3bf1YM1LZ4kHrB5twScwNmuMEnjaeVwkPIVZk4srH6TrLougfpnzp4nMtRYxtPDvC9t8woZ8a+cssOX1feGX3OAwvywP4d1UkqzBb2M+e2De5sW8vq05IiR3bYXgbHQd0m1NqV5k8P3sxLfc60rbvZz3gHp+av2hNx2HAkjrhU2jb+vg8wEwlx9ku4MsDa0GMt4m6Rx9dvCVpR1e0VvAXj49yw8mejiAtNwQN+Kz9xu16m4v6scYQ0PpwrTO5VNT3OCju75sUuZAqV4QNom+5cRc8uCFkwEo1Yob1T4r+I52D77EAJasuW8jPqHoSfDFGvDHe65KlRR77vsHk8/K3cZObTcRgJL9rr/F65GByuNjtQ47d6ue/lNiCnj6egeTy/eZw+dh7sY7he07mA/s8z47+n5j8C1zl3r+L4kYILQ42e+912Q232cWn31SVfXjVxkpwC+3p3ewh2jQmibKIrh1eNp3owtIb9vN9h1obikKHL7f1vns3K1LfhWTKAHqVmtoXrkfGFidQ9mAT/Und6OYwg/tZvPcbcvWYL5Jg9M6rNLnV+5GEbB1d3VOXXJX2YivWJMI2R9Auw5Sh9MqVu468RXqfvPFYQ5sPZzZrZmdu058jTolBAHtwti+K1WKykZ8vgzNsQS0d23Ns5TA50sx+E4C4vMa0BhliDHMeB2BzaHM5PsvJ/pOqiSw5fE9ketRazzpLu/HeXJfmFaPjp9PhwqYDzj26Td6NFN4MtLS5EAjZDTw4OOuJbtxqDJz08bhk0F3KG9O73lvBg4bcPoGmDF2/cC1NbWk2F/lYvP9k8kHnZrtj7FfRREwMzaN7lsK71YDS7WCyP4uDX7tg286ruzGFMF7ItQYDjOZ3ZsIZ2R25lMr4D2btOB/jD3cCLT2Ebt/jzQ/+Jz4jjbZ8tLLO49KYPS2cuUTXvBxa581uGx+4EITCVitFQT+twhFYu6LMKC121UdvkHN5vudwSc0yoQgoD20CNxvDn9N3t+ZRwah8kUFsMrvG47RpxTqlOw9YMkpdR1qn6AUQ+cLH5C/33DpvPa2QyJkzwGdU9eh9om+3+uIAaBL6jryiUfR4AsP0C11HfmERpWQfQak1Ypz6jrxCUqhTMg+Ay73uo7BZ/Edc/jEiPSO0ABL9RPVRc+RLzrFLwxAybXwvfH9xOFTIlT8Age0Cl9RcC58ztEnRGDfER5g1b3wOfOJihqt4hckoOvEB+CLXPHzC5DODl8+PB63VAToOfNFsPj5BTi/1sYfHk5aUgUI3/94fNE4NQgKUM+Px7nVj7u6AzrxRbX4+QWY7WYPeqsfuHYDdOaLavHzCzDXHbymcBqYwo58Edu3BdKFc70sgddARz47eynZN8D1MYYP6MIX6u22GAC+8v0hpsR4Zm/IgM7RF/HeGz6gC58Qh+wNEdCFT1SKZUIQkAf4Vvv4fGpFIgjIA3TlExtVQhCQA+jceZfZWycEATmA7nxipUQQkAPolrzW6Ber7A0Y0JVPVFJ1ShCQDQjgi/ixS6iArrXP8iuUCUFANmDBnS9Oo1/ggDVXvhg2jyAB/3Tmi2fzCBKw7swXz+YRaA1MCclrHv4B9vJ9HXIeGPPm4Rtg7rrfW1Y0wE0lIcbNwzfAzF+jrrH6eFweoJKqUYKAq4tmL0h6tvqAZjagIp6UCEHANcG++Zq8LjUwRofOQXfhuURcARUx7s0jnPPApMwuIQPG4P0GUQZMwuwSJmCsN77hAypCImaX0ADjdsstYoAxP3cJHTBBs0sYgPE/dwkVMGGzS+CAiRqdgwesqicJDb+gIrBOCQJ6/ZH/m8UXBNwB8Py++XiJgFsD2l+b335AwK0BJQR0Ci/3R0PSxX3n9AYBmUv7agCayJdFiyAga80HHz4vnHN7RgMCrqz0ZDwlZJh+eosw+zk1zXMEBAO+9L/1rbCbm68RSPVHq1/cIuAGTWSSeZ/C9KrdbGME7jDGwJ/VhYCcOVAiBAEj/nxhBERABPQY8GAu/b2IBF3xuzKT9wswbR68LfPiALjgVx6EfOWP/9zAL8Afv6TsAfQXOzehV7bAV+pdHXqp2QJf+S69fAP8vnJ96JUt8JU6+EqpD52iaB88rvahJyGeAFL4GJ24Kz0B3OflBaA0zGuwK6fpCTyJpsALtcMh7DBNesmPQNk+NTMU+n/yAJD2zF4X5qIZBzPoD70YAOe08QT468teG9cZyIXGuKd1tXErqAicDEk3C2wiXQN2oXH4MoDFlfZX35zD6po57sJ6w6E2mpBuJijAUZ+MYbuSXL4H/Jmz8cU3GIt2TUxYCBrdHPDKQ202IONsUIDZrtmHRYv51AdGIJGmwBTW83ngpnLePYRlyuxrVzNNWAZ40oXnUJWMoYE30Dr0St2ANqaWAXsEStYw9JwBi4kkjDGUgi+kHl+Ic2Ak5kAEREAEREAEREAEREAEREAEREAERMCYAv4fF8H1TT/B+i0AAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Filling the area between lines

![Fill Betweenx
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Fill Betweenx Demo

![Hatch-filled
histograms](data:image/png;base64,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)

Hatch-filled histograms

![Bar chart with
gradients](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAADAFBMVEVHcEzL6LPF5rP/4Lf7vqXM6bPb77r////8wqe+47L/3bbs98bR67TU7LXf8bvh8r2847K74rG74bH/8MbD5rL9z6z+8cnu98j+/t4kdbgic7YperrB5bJystj+0a12tNjd8bsgcLQNWaIuf70neLkTYKjW7bbO6rQQXaXX7bfx+cxPm8t+uNrr98RAkMU5isI8jcQxgr7k87/n9MHl88Dp9sNLmcoKVZ9vsNeButv0+tCXxt/7wab/2LL/w6eTxN56ttn+1a9sr9ccbLEWZKvJ6LOPwt4rfLs2h8D//93/7cP/6cD/68H/577+061prdUYZq0IUp39zKv8x6n9/t1IlsmcyeD8xajH3PH/4rm91+zF2u9mq9RTnc261uv3/NT/3LT/5LtfptJ/g35ao9CIvtyizOO21OmFvNwdbrNCksaqz+VhqNJkqdM0hb+fyuFFlMj/8sqCeHTv+Mqz0+iozqAGP4QHT5oHSpOt0OYHQojusZmMwN0HRYwaaa/9y6lXoc/B2e2lzePT7LRdpNAHR4/7/drZ7rj6/dgGPYDP6rRVn84GTJaozuUGOnz9yqri8r6w0uf/zqr/v6X/98vp6OoVaLEBNHjF6rT/+s7xwarA5LDn6ern5+nuvaj0+Nv9/f7M3uv6+93F3dD/9cZJXG2HcGRJkL7//tu0sLGkytKz1dr2wqtCT2A+hrzW3t6ju8JzsdCTx8T//9/w+8ahr7AAMHPruqWWvs7I4b95s7hufWl1dXXn0MGBp72JiHff4uDB1tOHsMRmqMtDVWhmlre9t7ZtobdRmMLT19hiqtbF3OTIureFvb630M2AutJra2peiZnV6saKfGvBwsJboMa63cWRtseu1sFgcpDOzc10f2tikKelkZilnaP09PSEn66YmJhEZ46spqo3f7f4+Pi81+OFhYWuxcWNjY0ZRX///+BJi7aBhnHv7+/WyLxgepwdVpEjZqF3qMMkVIN6g2xHeKQtdK5hYFvg1s654K9HRUS94q///+Ocp6akypydQNvVAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAIABJREFUeNrsnG1sU9cZx2kb6jrQ4XjQ8gHjSZM2tbxlY0ROYkqwFARtwVLShGAHA3lzRJIFRvYhWqTGblRQo4iFF6kjTRqGNMGwlACTRrVMSzQpUsJGoy0qkycRRShAhJZ9mtSFTtpzzrnn3nOvj+91b3yPu+k+RpGIIvn6d//P8/zPuc/xqlVyOOzINFZxw+ZiA7QB2gBtgHbYAG2ANkAboB02QBugDdAGaIcN0AZoA7QB2mEDtAHaAG2AdtgAbYD/mwCXZgfh59zkuM3NHMCpmXmHY7h+fmbQBmcuhWcB4OCYY34S1Dj4SdZi0KK4nJWYyx7AYQbgo8Xnv/r68dcM4g9fJ/7Bi39x4u+8+F0GMVOfxRq4ODM4uTR2YwYXwZ/87K2LKN7SRCXEeSkqUGzYsBli76G9KHZDHD9+PD8//yWII0dOnDhxEOKdd9599+23v43i9OlLEL+Q4jqOAwcO3Hn27D8Qz+7cgf9cv/7huXPnjqEoKSl5s+TN3+BYs23btl27du3c+UOIdevWfQfHy2fPnv0eildfXQvxfRQfry6H+JiJ9ZukcDlxuEhs+mkWAY7PzydnFwYfJh0EYJ4q/BCvoBeKwxCVMsr3EUUUmzcfohQljpSiGuNrr51GHCnFcwTjxo0b33vvQ4quBKGDOHPm9dfXrFmzDYHb+SMg9/N1676FuL2MyL3xBgL3wQdrP0LkVq9+4QUErvxFiPXrKTSWmMtVQF7oH/zIJkB1aAD6/Rih30/56QHcS/gxAA+eQPwYgJf+8muImzdv3rt3b2RkZHz8k18e4AE8kyHAtWs/kgECv3IWICbokhC6lShwCwSYl5fIowD9Bgrcm4ECL10LerxlxV172vv6o6FYOHxVA/DYigC+mALQ6Xa63OhFYxn9EwcwQTWIFUgIHpYIclPYSIHXAt6yrc37Spta+ABXpMDyFzkKdIP8VApcBgmKU6CSwlAIVfz4KSz3knQKVAOsySpAjgLdTqRAGeByAeBzC1QgwkcV6Cc1MIFzuDIzBQI+DsBGcQoEgliCKgUuiwF4hSmBuBMf9ss1sDJtE9mNBGhegccsUCCbwgXLbhEKHGJTOI+mMBJgAqdwpeQHjRRISqAaoEdoDdQqEDJYcA30pygwgfhVplcgApiPAB45yFOgR3QNdGuaSIHgLpznZxUo53AFX4G7M1VgnzgFOlkFEoYifaBWgaQLV6Y30nINTKNA79bmrlLJBwqvgaA/UQockmqgWoGQv9THVKS3MboKZAGKr4GiFcivgaQNc1L4OOsDM1BgWHQNLBBTA4cMauB5VAPTpPDufCMFwlIuhwpcdudmJaKqgVwFsmthvS6sCzD7NRAv5lzsXoLILixLUFJggtoYXg3MyAcabCZkXYGatTBqIcIUeIUpgrIClaWI4UqEq0AZYGc0IqAGEhOj8oHu3PpA0oQr061EdmeqwLgFAMv5TcSpUqCYLjyUwUqkwpQPDHo8ZcWNe6oxwJig/UBWgctCVyIgwIRmLVypuxbOQIEUYEckFBNeA0kfEeoD89J1YV4NPG7YhYM+6wBmoMBlcSsRnMbMjnRKDUzThQ18YK1PqALdzpT9QMErkby0NfC80Y40V4EA0Lu1cV86gBbXwAKRCuT7QOWpkjkfOC0BbGpBAGM5qYEiu3CKD9SvgcY+cDpAASInHRNQA9mVyLLoLszxgYmV+UAMsNkagNwamPMuzH0moucD9bvwdMDnlbekQzHLa6AzdzVwiOcD2eea5hSIfAwAxIvhUG4U6M6hD0wo+4HpfKBBDcRGkGzHoDYsugYKUuBQ6mSCn52NMe8DW4MBCWBn1gHyu7DVPnC8/smSY/hG/fxc5vuBRj4wfQ2cqCMA0XYM+JhQ2Hof6FTVwOx34frZR/OOuZmRsakMfKDchs36wIm6WmjDsBRpj3MBWrMSUW+oZlmBY0tTTxzDizMzSw7H5PyX2qdymi6cULqwKR+IAPooQMhhy2sgeShnpQ8cm5pcnLs8s/BkFtJ5aiZlLczbD0TPhSsrzHRhABgEH0MWw6gIWt+FndoN1SwrMDk2NjK/tFhfP8gd7eDvB1bqD1jqKhADhMUwGMFIJGb9c2E2hS3xgXMLjgWHY2k4o/1Ao7WwoQJ72qAI0qVIKkBrnsp9o3ygbheWfKBOF25AAMvIcAfkcEzAfKArBz5Qea7k92tqoGSkK9LNB+r7QEsBZqrAArH7gXmpT+XM7wdONLTWBrGTbgIjGI3GBOwHuqz1gWlXIkOqJqLpwqZ9YENrG3QRshThALRkPzCHNdAvT+n75XMOh419IKmBvAnVie46AhAZwf5oNCTgmUguayA7ZH5FigTEhsSGDRl0YchhrQK761prA178VKQFimBI+EokV134lSufk+lmaSjjas3v3zfwgXwF9iCAWyWAHRHL9wO1KSx8R5quha+UebxbIfXQI3E0GpkKMCMF9va0tkEbRpv6fZ39KQCtVqCgyYQhTgpjgM1kKIMPUOsDuQrs7YEiiHwMAfjY8hoI9AYGnF/hKFjGIXJHWtmNoQps11Wg2gceTO3CRxt6CEDkY/r7I5Z3YafrbzS+kELoWTm/SoEcgIDvEJkPlESoXwMBYGutD2+pQhHsj0oAr6sJZlOBA7fJcyy4Yx0RdOH3cvNUDgEs4wD85yyKZDL5byn0fSAB6CUAOynAT1GUfFqinHbNXg0cuO2DC8enozoioXDYeoAXL+ahl/rMsARQ2gllAI7K97cfLq+mZkR3JXJ/S3dDHfIxqBv1dXYSgAcmQNzwEdvjpMNfvWoOID0xPIBDymDhAH87Ojr69ClRFZZVggD0EoDVBGBYAnhhlFweHjVAvx7RVeD9Lb1QBAMe5GOa+loowJvS8RHskcLhsDmAbvcX6ByXy+X8DL0+I0thDFA6nycC4MU/qcaYa2qucgCGZICbuQDT7sbcL+rFXQQPJ8RbWjooQLVIzAH8nBQZMnsIyXBtAC1DxAP0ednDRApAHw/ghdGAAjBkrMCiXrDSpA23x/tYgOxnXClAci9ZgMwHEgwwnAKwRa1ADkCdGlh0tLcBtWECsI8F2GwdQK9QgOrjbLICb/k8ZWQvHg+m8RSYQQ2sAoB1Uhtuivf1//8DDDMAmcE0rgJjxgqs2nK0G7oIbsNN8bgM0KP6jCsA2MgB6BEN0MvsGtRoAKJCH1Up0KOcQTdW4CkKED5oezzemVWAPj5AzQFHMQC7UgGqP2RYVqBHGbcy7sKnisDItOI2jHKYAgxaDLDsGwvwwqhGPEYKpACRxpuaVACZE2ArALhP9gkswGKxAOn4j6oGBnzsjVQrsEsFUKcGnizachR1EdSGq9ubWrgATSuQaXMcgLDOQcoUBJAuetUAmcE0RoEsVwMFnqwqgiKItxOgCLYzAFVH6EwDLGbanAzQpzodJRJghAVIJ/vieDAtxihQC1BHgdurIIehi6B3AAlqAdKbthIFlqYCVB2tEADQw+waaAA2lpK5KgoQFOiTMz5irEAKEDf06uo4BejzKDctZh6gl/1GCwowKBqg5iwMBSgNpuGxIEaBms9u0IULT0EO0zasANSev8kqQHQ2RSTAYFqAqrkqqkAJIP1zAwUW4iKIV8MohxmA3pUD1DhYGWDAR5cAUQsAJtFk5XAyOcwA9DJrNgVgULmOSChEFaj57AY1sPAkGJnuOtJFSkspwGnVe8bMAbzFlGOUDCqAytGKLAO8UT826xh+uHhjgQJkDhNFWYBtQFaeq6IAL4ySozOwMCOZbajAU1VQBBFAyOHSJgowwL6nWYDsALsGYJmU2nB7sgxw7HLyiWPpOZ6Rnn30JQLIri3gOhSA8lgQq8Bp+f7KAHUUuGM75HAvWczt21PaLgNUicQUwPJbtBxLA+wUIHu0An7/OMsA0Yjv5edzaEJ1KjmDASo3LBSSAQbxXBW5wSiHZQUGlaMzcHlT+goEgKegi6A2DEVwDwuQEclKFKhUEwWgcuFZBzg8/3Dx0ezc2OxYUk5hfMNkxxyTAP6xtZYZC4pE6DMRen8lYRp04f2F26EIksVc17591RLAOtV7hswqMKAqx6kAUZUJZVmBcw8fLUwujM/PDisAlfdDJYMCJGNBdD48oiiQPfkRMlAgADxZBV0Ezbg1djEA2fcM3TOnQNpu46iahGIUIB4rLpb9w2Orbcx0bYA6uw5WgXVtzFRLVFFgrer+TunXwB8XgpGhXaSrq5QCJCYTu/ToygDKbU4C+NVtZbAd/14AQNUNUxTYisabyVHVjmhUUuCDOprZ5M+pAk/ICkT8KMCnP9iBcpisRZobGYDq9zQHEKUIU0llBbYpFw6pIwagcsNkgD2tylQLBbgZALbJBxfQ5WGA+Uee3r2Lv/B4YgJ/4fHIuAog6SLFjY0UYI/qPSOmAbI+QVGgNFZcTcaKLQdYh66DuWEUYANCRexAZ39Hh2RjHsiZjf48SgC+dOSu8k2L+Hm7DHA/MjK4i5QVNzfukQA2sMP7UdMAmWoSiYQIwE23e/BYMRnHEQOQzoGTkiEDZKdaKMALD3pUY+NRClCzO0wBfnf/jkK5izQ3qwAqs+cmAUo+gR6DkgD+GY8VS2Dh9lgPkN4w4ldkgN3SVAvKs87+fqrAhtY25v7+l5fzCW37POM4bAdvx4EvlqsIWzIYJGT7okgIKiF5tk+Re7APRTpMSIrkP7IPgcxgjGa0068+2IfSbSwLbFCaQtsUxkIwIbFxnJa13SFueigJJWlDoaTQHXroDnuff+8f5TLe5ZdbUX/5ve/7eb7P8/ze53mS/wVgegkvc8qHDUCaPec1L3oCtCIp+I4GqCTBYCF6hw3wrsyB8xizAag2IkMZGuDBA5x65kLh/sVLDkC63NoA57vKhyGLVOGB3BwD7OnZc1zTF6D1naACwecIcPgTeypWmefd0AGSwZpiMAMQhzLaOJSxtSUKhKlnY99BgK1BgDPgw5kaDMgUU7ltBhjUjbrVS77xAwigKFvgh9bnrMAeDnWK5S+FDpDmwPUHnwA8s4cyNEClQGNfFb8u3ZEk4g4sCMDRmS4ChCwSS6U0wD59I+EZfQHq7wSOJqLAwB3qDB8gjjGnZIxZA6z1GnXJIntGgQHblx7fd7Pw8wDjMwsYBNfgm63YZIC1gclfP4ANO5pcuniHFRjY6W/rZQCsWwYzAJMBBEGaKdhb3RMFDthXK1BKOtSGF4CJuJIgZRGFWABeg7lLfok6+74XwF8f28ObyhnEhV3Lhw8QDAYffDKFqwHSTAH62a4APPegRo+LfZ8DSL0mATgSj3en+C4SjWmASXdw1VOByvQmW+xrgDSTGJOZxNAB1nrOYS4ZgGamYHevJQrEmVP9+NYAQGnWaYDz4MMIUPlwrC0AzeCq0vGWL0AzewjOYAD2rJnElwEQXZUj+hYDvHJGLXH0M5gL+p4UeITb0/ZdFYAV91+bFYARBLiyBFkkG43mGKCeu0R1+wIMGnaa0wAzZHmZSQwdYNIZIt3atwCalnhLFHgEjXIS5jJsjwD+/IYur2Oz7nca4Og8BUFQnA3QesnqqifAgTSnASYDGoagkbrQASoitsG2GOA96ejiYFWrJQrM4MSfPL6nFeg062yAcc4iyoezqb8QQB4blJf4AnTSnAbojtS9DICBNmTLArgJPiwd3Y3W9wekQNged9nAs0WBVac6rAGOJdSHjMoiYItKyQDkiRm1Jp7RB+DwMYKqcJrb2yOAf1IAcTX4HSQYPkDXYAYgdHTrKE0YayGA546WrIm/1m5LFFh1+2zvG4DznEXUp3NJAA6MDb7rp0AOdinWsShQLE/Ru7UbNkBFJJAgqA6zKgBXlqyO7vKyKHAzI/bFgTUG+IB7TdRne/11AdgZSczHF+guUq2UigLQGRts+QE808EO05xWIABky4PrhA5QDoMBqWUBxI4uNSQ1wHNHA/a1ADq9JgEYUQC76i5SgyBYEYA09abP6AlwidIc+U5rV65yaHlOf/mNjWshA3yHDEZZCwwmANM41kJaK+TzBPDCLZzVqOuBNQG4VnXaRAKwHBnBIKiySH+9Wo0xwLR1RvUSX4AmzYGOvyCAN9XGk1gDR8uHD3CF9oGGVAYTgG/TVAaNtczlC6zAWyv2tpeXP9UAKzINBz08AfjmmJLgzAJmkbV1B6Clbk+AA2lOAJqBJhW988vhAxSD0T4MQGpIVnGKsVAQBU7j42sysCYArVbJcwDjkEWUy66vRxkgvwTPXlheXvUEKM7QRh1rgDyPQwNN+dABpl2DbTgASZrN7bk5UeA0jhrIvFXeAHSKmxZA5cOURZQENUA6o7xk1w8gOYNOcwJwKs3zODROEjpAnP8x6VYDtPpp7aYDUB5XEiwwwKPGmu5yQG1OA+yMKYDdKRBzf23tOgOcstac8wQ4fIbBTqY38xZAiNP0+3ahED7AtJVuFUELIN1hcahgWwBOpVcs+xqAddPJMQA/UAAhCEIWUZ8c9awAZHXTmgU/Bd4zvtMEHWuAZHkZJ8mHDZAMhukW5n80QOmnAap2s2kBNONCc3MCcKDSLwBnywxQfTo3+n0BuMAv4TNu+AG0A8GcATgwThI+QJQgpVvlqnkG+F4X/gcFwVSu2RaAvD0WpgHo1Ob2DUDwYUjDUIToVxhg1z6jP8C0GRtROhaAsnFoBLa3twthA1yw97E9VxCAdjso12aAB7e6Wpjo2dcYoC5Uc6UfAf7hg9kdJUHKIsleo8EAb3Sx2alHZpb9AJKv9sUZBOCM9Xuu2bzxYgH++em38M/PvvOVBth1x1cMQEIFhTy1kZwosGtvu9kUgFjkyuoWlACcAIAJdRcBG/U0QHdkpvl/ALSitAaIwacm0xAvGODTuw8fDg29f3io/vvrrw1AiGpRZbDtwh8ZYBzGMjgIFlMpUSAOa2T09gSgLlQXoDa3qgEu7sBtDitatV6vygDj7hm9AA7fs6cemk0G+MrNeJeb+Wj59o0QJlSfPb1/eHVo6PHTnxRAMpgeX5kzAE03o5gqyoe0DGtgnzLXZoD/thsRu6t7FsDy2Aim4UwtCGyA1hnzXgp82wl2zaYoMI7NfPgdeq257RcM8Pb9b6/ePvzXTx+JC2uD0fTFtgCkYjzlylgxJgpU25P4BdsTgApP3yot/ZUBTjJAyCLJWrDOAOf1GfElBT+AMzj1oKP0F6+QAue5Fy3N/BcL8P7h4UdfPRq6/VTHwPjMglFaLtdkgE+kpQt/ZT8aY4AXTnF7WpgpDdApke5qgLOLO5xFlA/XjhngKL2Ez5jyB6h9R0VpAjh8c3QG2zAUvYup5gvOws+eDT26OnT1kQB8rIgsWMMDBqAuxkOxNIoAD84pgKZLFCsWBaBdZ91otWyAHQGY1AAT5oxK3b4A0VclSudSosCBXvRnIX/GPB51s0VbACaoI4nl02w0+k9WoP141AB0KiOtDQE4PjG7WB6jLJJJJgXgiLNmcc4P4KAzsAJh41O8ceU6LwOg3fv+DAG+euXJyKipJZeyJQJ47jSBwtyEcp56PHaDAXKZkEukG3cGAMJdxAFo99tj214Av9NRGnVc/JAAno5Yv6vgEzpAVhoEJOh9G4AJq6FWKokC9fZImBZAviFjZcQAVHmY0rC6uCb7DDDivsQP4HviDBB8lRkEIHUCV6SVGjrAEdP7xvUEYCRh1ZJLFQJ4cDqCXSKMX+rxrABM21XFvAZ4fnJiFoIg/pFMRgMc5UI/rdn0AyjOEFCUJoBvnUbQh2njlWw2fIB2tshqgD9GRqiWjA21yseswJOILcxsSQBimVD/tcz8IMC4A/DB2KhzRn+AZm4kGhUFDnQCQwcY4fW4dRsTgFYptL5eJYAHF06s7YFna4BulcsGuFjGyxz4sADsDJzRDyBHadJxNvvhMCnQ6gRCIyt0gGPWetVK6boA7CgJstb6a+tagR3n8QoDPLXLr+pibwBOTkAWQV9bWjoTgBhg8ex4Rj+AEGS6ouNSiQAOn3Yipoa7Xg0fYMfeR7WiAZbtUuhaXRTI2+PHPxaAC6YoBhd7AfjaOPgwZhHl5Js9Bvim26zzA/hkzAkyFQFYjtiNrPXr4QMc4ZInNs4MwI46N/WDlATrosAyP76Ej2uApkCF99JPnwMIhDfPNEDnjL4AI5avVqsCEPow5vfwAeJ6M7pxpgHudOAO1qVKXr/B34EnulGJj689YIDmXgrD0m0DcHwSsggcKL2yGQhAPiO/xBOg7QzKlgjwlwDQbBz6ML96CQBpvRqupwGiD2MsCTTACydWnw2EyQBP4u69VABePj8OQRDS8FR6ZaWmAY7ZL/EEaAWZvjKDVmBnTCpo0IcJH6Cz3lpFAKpLLBei1DW30dMAO1ghle0RwN+cOHezXOp5gODjBqDba7ruDVD7jjKDKBDbCNyH6fX74QO01mv068cCEKrx0M6YhuGZngD8Uj0eEa5KmKLAebu+Uiw6AGcpDU+n0wJw1nlJ3xPgDvVMScf1uiiQNs7Ru9EIHaBuW2xi20IAlu06Sq0XCEB3ez0ByMUvLtLEDMDz45BFEphF0kkCeDRhtUoCdUYvgD8uljvGd/oNrcAd+F3aCL2wAT6U9aaobSEAf5gAVOSsmVpQMwB37O0dMUBdY6Br1TUG+MZr5yGLYBpWEjQAd/SaNXVGT4ASZMiWokCsgie4Ct7rHYcNkNsWHOx6FsDFsuwvWUveZYC8PepyBIEANDUGnCa/9jcE+HcEOLHTgZw7NT0tACftMwaBJ0Dbd5QtRYGycayCB0H4AGetqnugAP5CA+QPOKiFGoAO15oA1MPQUALJllyAix3KIgagfcZazRfgonEGFWRYgSdOEbdWewkA7ap7cHwFAf7jB6cMkMwIQCzSj1B5xQYow9B4rapogJcVQZ2Gp+8xwHHnjElPgLavqq0gwP+8dQIbL+uNhw9wcsIYUq13ZgGkMgCW8gxA5kqPJwUgXatklrcqAH8rABPwnTOlAeIZZU1vgG6QIQX+7MSqgmMRN3yAzj40QLqEoYHVKZcEIG+PKsrJjACkW8G0XJENQPiQmUWhuACtNTPHfgDJ9NJwSX5C1ZgvrSIulNBCBvjqQ7XerA52meQAQPp9c2nTAHS2xwC/M0NEeCsQgL9/47KVhjXA8/ISKhN6AxQdgw//t737i23rKgMALnWs92GsDxSBHNNpiR3oNJrYD1s2TYOxRtjiATAo0tDWqdSdNGebifIQZ4a0SDQdoVGEBCUPVcASaksmsQhRZaS1KgNb2iCNepVbNneN66aR5dFFHd26qJWA8+/7zvmundiX+bpD8pWmVVdX5577u+fPd47PPXlQAm54x5yDHGgGIJ3z1IDQ+ouJFgV4zzv08j4AlAsBcXBmAEZ6JKAvHg4jIC/2+Ix9CnDbsWPbhCETZICbNq2/MuEj/i6hrrKcQwmUU2gwB9l3zm1A9jDGlJ0GVIMwcb5/oB9KoLxcNII8e9flUO7qr4w1MLt37f6TAhzhjSCLY7huUANGtuq0WSIK8Ocv871TjM1Tzt67bgk0p8rYu8QSqAY/spIMuA9IGrs+AtgrX3AAAb92TbrK986yd12VQDYqaNcLAX+sAcdFL8JLWzAcV4AnI/oZ+TShBDx29iHcTUz+fYb1Af/VoX9w4XUESiCdg+xrFqBq7AZOK8CtPR3YeAW6+rtUCbxGs9cPJZAEtbsPGIAJiGOC8fBRBZig04QAuAU2MFZ/RacGoJ7p4T8oGIAy4wK2v991QH6/TtWqsboKgB3GIIydD0AJVDN86nT/dbl11tVOM6g9oAFHhxUgK23xuAZU95SJUEAogU/WB9gOjcwbGxQgxu5iCs19QNLY9RNAHEN0aUCSvS4J+P2rtgEKACYNQFYEEdCY5WKJVFZhsffHkzUAyXR3fxcAJowHYuddB2T3gwkTfj8EFBMpOJWHgDR7AHiDxGQ77jcBIyIQ5IPloAbkkzS88PB7dp1TgI/jbqTys+1agHKc3VYBKGeAJGxXowFnMpaVyuQLGpDU1S4AfF+eVyFwoBsBI+YEVUAD4s+XPCYDwKGR0fGISt4AHCf3DADgtx4ne0HWAqSztQEEJDNAgcYCpubT6bxVKJajywSQV0o5YaIBzRCYAhrZA0C6hqOPAMpA0IuAfzypJmna1T0B8CmxJ6X+bLsmoKgjarYWAW0TGKcbWwLTU/ky/392xbJy06sMkN2vR7/IwFEAHJcRHJ+Jind3d08rQDG0EBVHXI6AsjlSazj6/qEBWSMoA8GQzweA7FyP8YwA+ILeell881kLUL1LVUcQMIGRE0u8u9GAfImvlSpPs3/ncwKQjPftgDIf4e7wPAKap7uv3yEBzZCCxWQVgLE2CoiTNHyEB4DPP29+rfP00zUA6WwtAkLi7fKBGgxYXiou5Qul0lQKqrBtvI+AZgTHAKEE2uZXKKCsTSykQMDkiOyGxYfDCDgqW1K4JwDu20d3zawFCHXEK+oIAOL4W01gNBZwpbhYmF4plYsFBXiRQUEzH4wbgKMKkOcjHo4DoJm9eHf4lAKMmGH3QBcAjq0BaMwxsEQAcLdtz8IagMMJY5TTHTYAsd/i42+Xw5iLo8P6RbJ8aMBhnY+gAThMsoeAZnjYFTAAR8cxEERAPUQWiQDgAbVljvhc57kXX6wFKF5xrwjSw2EEFMNHEezL8bf7gOMJ/SLDBqDRf8aDACizB95xAJS9AvaIBDAiCjLvRTTgOLakfIisAO+n+188tz7g+1jU+C9a4bgBqB8oHncdUA9XRV1FQBmAdFYBNLOHgEaPGAgE/gKAMhDkzR0DDAUk4KUkuScCPoi7D8jdkhQgN2SEQpAA0jqiAN9M0uGj+4Diflt7YbSlAUX/yaVCCPjNazR7QQBUPWJM9YgAODGUlJG0LIGvKMAhMsILAuCA8SE7X2ktAe+bO3/+/Nz5OXWcnZtTgOJd6ld8nAL2QuJuAyZ5XcUXGX8FAOkw1gf0M59eAAAHqklEQVQlUA7O8NkR0IhuWI9oAI4Mq9RZCUTAkWHFSgC7yE4hjzyiSuAZ+bfs1PaYTzzx2zsV4OiwrgzBIJbAkWEy+nEdUA8WKKDIhx3w7SR5dp8E/N4NEQxhdBMmgAmROkvGAMQRntcADMivYNUHrF//6pwA3HjGtr+oHVDlEEogTdzXDMBhXROCAPhuElsvAmjLHpRAEt2E43UAJrCH8gEgi9r0x8jPPvOjOSyB9G//KECedKQq4LCRuOuAQyNmqKYBTamQL2QAYvZYYAIlUPfZokEHwEkE5AthvQAow0MxQOHRDQAG1TfK/PO8x7788LNzm2QJtP/dCwTU7avPpwFV4hB7ug4Isa4M1TQglh0KSJ49pErgZdo5BxGQdcN4OQD+85ItvlaAcz79/Y34dEYCvnTmBfo3TADQnKkIaUB78N4EwFHd2FUAdorKZweE7CEg6ZyDPkeAIQD0yy885PKGh7ZsAUDb/v0IiDkUr9gANIL3kOuAtli3ElA8pBcA+eW6wIZeB0Boj2SLaQAmR1V98mjAiSQJD48qQI8H17uLr6MU4B9gb3K1Xa8C/MBWGRBQhk7qgZoAaAvVABCleNkJaUDMXhvPHgAOme1RBWCHBPQjoErEBtiuVxuLZeMAqPYTeFjtJ/BnAqjKcchrB+xtHiDLhw7VEJDnowekKgBl9rwGoO76fKGTJiCk4ieAEB76Q14A3L49phdv7tu1S3Uif7Xtc/d3BWh7xQCIsadYLeE+oD3SIICRCkCVvQpArE78G5pqgO0G4KR+aW0G4LdxgwC5OhcAcStD8df9foCA9BUTQEy8CYCkna8GyKX8BDCBhQcAabfgRcCJseqAQ8ZLQ8DOXvHDilpXtWPHeQl4zr5BjAmocwiAk2NG9+f1NgtQ1QQvAnIpyJ7fDqie3es3ALE0sPaIAspU2gxA8tL8ALjVtiYRAOnOLM+8/CUJaA60/SYg6fmvNgHQaOe9V379FQU4ZjQlXgS0PTsC0tJgAo5UBZSdMwXskIs1YEVYnwI8LXYlGID9Lx4zAGGgzVMxADFxTxMAaTNVBXDPmoAeDajKq+rLTcChEdXnVALKl+ZHwB5zPU5Xf78EvPeo/bPMnylAnpV1AGXP3yTASBVAM3seA9DMngmo+1UHgO0GYMS2GkKVwKvkm66n/kYAsTXxVAFsbwogbecpoMqepwJQ1XgPAtKHIYCi0+apeAigvicAjo/T36IBEJd+ib1BdlcCxioAdeJNATSaKRMwCdmrCsizh4CT9GEAcHYNwAmz1CPgMPl1oTusqvAN28KbNz5dCciygoATTQccguZrTUC/BiQFlgDqlrsW4Cx5aR4AHKFzu/G3FKD81b5Nrgju6wPASZVD2ZIagDzxHigRzQHExo4Cjq4FGKkCqBsefwXg1roAk3SKNAiAxs8FfBXRcQNwdC1ATLy5gB4DcMKIBmoD8tMJGLPVAWj0LRowmTTnIH0ScOMNW9OIgBPkpVUA9n5CAGX2TEDj/RJArNlt9QCqASE7DYBDtvkVVQIv09+i47UBzcSbDOhxAzCxFqA6DYBjuoMSo1sAtM/d/wQAx8z+DAB14k0F7FkbcHvbWoCeqoBtVQFjtQF5s6uHj14EhHkrmPirAthWDXBPEwET6wHy7FUA9lYAatf/FdAsr2xsAYDmsJwNc06ZgPDSPG23GRCeEQHV+60CONRIwBgBnCChEwCS4aPfUz9grPGAB8vFZcvKR+cbDzjUOMBOGyDt4m8rYHm6uGitZBfSfKl0avCHv7g4O8t6sxHx8xYfMn306qf48erELM+fDMv2xNpjS3u/+529e+95e3ZycgyCje3tsdd3Pvrozp13XMbTfDqlffupzd/Y/LnNv/w3JN4hEo9d+c3+/ft/+rtLxmmeyCt33fXA5x/Y9hl5WsbGLCuxtzbe98W7737pA5p47NSdn92w4dChd205PH7oJju+8KZIRefwys2b/2n0CtVM2irnLGspeit7JPt7cbzGjsPiOCIP++nskcHV7ODgqu304UFxHLZfPTiYXWX/4Wl1fjDKj6w9kQ8/fG81+17afs8TF8Txmj3xCxdWVy+cqMjhhRP8qMjhiRPZdAMBM7myNZW2SnleAqMrqcp16PKoPG8V89Zal1e5Ole06k48xROvdnqtq3OLVqr+jB8sNW6Vfi6dzhcL5WiUr1BNLRYsB8f0gpOrF+ar56AKq0h8xkni+XknV68sNrAXzhy0DqZSM1Ju2Uk2rFTKvatdTbzG1R8jjGkdHw8wF805qcGlJUfvfXrJSZ0sO6iUqVxpqe7Ks7xYXl4ulldcAGTRTDbjoFHLpPNO2sBstH6RTHbJQU4K2Zls3U3m8sLq8lJxuuwC4EJURDP1t8XpKQcXl3Kl+gvs/K1itP4GOVXKZh10f+lCaWEl7QIgCwejDsrUSnTBUQHM3srUXyfTVvZg3WlPpQsOMp5Kp8q5jBuAqVLUwWu3squLDkqglcqXnBTuUrn+8lqIltP1v5ylW8V8Op1zoxNZnnESx0xlFhyFjSknVxdmUo6uXnHQvmYy1sGpT0IYk3L5eteO1PqZacWBty0ObB0twBZgC7AF2AJsAbYAW4AtwBZgC7AF2AL8vwf8L6rZyQe1e65jAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

Bar chart with gradients

![Hat
graph](data:image/png;base64,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)

Hat graph

![Discrete distribution as horizontal bar
chart](data:image/png;base64,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)

Discrete distribution as horizontal bar chart

![Customizing dashed line
styles](data:image/png;base64,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)

Customizing dashed line styles

![Lines with a ticked
patheffect](data:image/png;base64,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)

Lines with a ticked patheffect

![Marker
reference](data:image/png;base64,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)

Marker reference

![Multicolored
lines](data:image/png;base64,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)

Multicolored lines

![Psd
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Psd Demo

![Scatter Custom
Symbol](data:image/png;base64,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)

Scatter Custom Symbol

![Scatter
Demo2](data:image/png;base64,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)

Scatter Demo2

![Scatter plot with pie chart
markers](data:image/png;base64,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)

Scatter plot with pie chart markers

![Marker
examples](data:image/png;base64,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)

Marker examples

![Scatter plots with a
legend](data:image/png;base64,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)

Scatter plots with a legend

![Simple
Plot](data:image/png;base64,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)

Simple Plot

![Using
span_where](data:image/png;base64,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)

Using span_where

![Spectrum
Representations](data:image/png;base64,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)

Spectrum Representations

![Stackplots and
streamgraphs](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAADAFBMVEVHcEyLi4uIiIjr6+tMksPeUlPm5ub///9Ws1b/mD7///5TZHFGjb/y8vKDg4P/lzzt7e1Us1ZQsFD/mDtRtlah1KH+/v/9/P3/mDmAgIDx8fHjT1NTs1RQtFfgT05Fkshubm709PT19fXw8PDo6OjeUVKVlZVycnL7+vp5eXnj4+PfUVL9/f2RkZHfUE/U1NRKksXX19dUtlh8fHzJycn5+fnhT1KysrLeTk/R0dGFhYWYmJiurq7f39//mkFpaWlRs1Z1dXWkpKRguF+4uLi2trZctFreWFjDw8OOjo52dnZIksfa2tpHkcb/lDabm5vPz8/k9OTh4eHBwcFXtVlGjsH8/v/iUlVcXFyqqqqsrKzbVFn39/f6m0OKior/nEbMzMy7u7ubwt3Gxsbn5+f8/PyGhoZhslr/xZPd3d3k5ORIkMKmpqZPT0/r6urVX2xkZGTz8/Pp6elgYGCUk1/YWWJXV1eioqJnrluyfV7UYVqphcr5+v/t6Pienp6/v7/l5eVTlcL4nEvSZXbHrtrynEfFb12Im1/19P2oqKju7u5zslhrtFtblr5+oV6ohV9uqlxsmLTx7/vb29v/9euCg4STsVvCqFPnnFi9dV7NZ1xOlMXdSUq5qVLTfpTZXFljlrhBQUFNsE3roEnGnXTvnVPm2+/Fe5/g1O797uZFjb+goKCtq1TLco53pV3429vwrq/EwsT59/ymf8ivjc7jokx7s1zUpE3Hh62ejF/NaoLo4fTdzenS69JxqdC9vb1no8y6noDMplDcokumm4zfnWDYsMvWo73VcIG94b3/wYqbrVXVnmt3mKuCsVl/mKbDkbzUwuWjrlienJOLsFiRm5uvnYfSl7PKp8/Dm8jWj6XOueHunp/ZvNg7TVnVmWK6mXiIm6TNnGzex+Bxl6/kn0fiwtYtLS2Elp1GWGRUZXLu9Prj7fTt9+1VZ3NVZnNVmciXmYFniJ4/ir6e1J7/kDD64+P74uOZwt6vzuSWvtnjqKLozJ254Lna7tr/3b5j1g9eAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAGYdJREFUeNrs3G9sGucdB/AAhYdOgiaVSwSOouNsH3c2F0QOQjB4JyycGoQKgy4BB7nc8NHCwAVfi9MmOXtqlAVetFHom26RIudFks5aW2V7kTZZ2atJ26vm1Ro1fZ0X0151kzZN+3N3mD9pbRwy/hz1fWVZ4Dtk6aPnd8/veQ7Yt68RIOVJs2/bSC4SoAQoAUqAUiRACVAClAClSIASoAQoAUqRACVACXDXGMIAtup0AXTrecnC/WLD2588a629hgausARYizUKqo8UK0V77akOo7jfkHP7kz2R2jkVnaUgAdYCFw2uYqKKhUmGAn7PJhFZJj05bqTNkFh+Ek1F5fQCRC6acSvQGgmbBconJx8V55FMmn+Bh4hG9vo10ERpsyzCmtzWnGLDbSSSBBve4ACtjyqbhANSkRQeXWeSngSIGohkoeKNwowNJa0Q94Lyxpwtb97jgEGMyGB5W7QAmFB0BRDzTAVA3IXQyYBJUh8DMZ+LBfgs5gR5A2GjSGyjQHJnhIoakHdGlzWMfY8DWh4tAoZD8YZzqqKKA8SyK8II3MjEsJinDM0hZDkf0S5kNoyYLV91bhjzNjNpJalwbrm4VI7udUB4gwIpCFiYqBt4lgGemGRMTJoH9EcrcSJKoEgur6etUT8D406K8ZNotjgvD1v5F5gUBgKV+sDa/MtB6LgfnfAIgBBDc09BHAAfy//BbBaOo/wf7WjLC6RGevukffVHbq/USEsrkVo0S6q9kKVCrwCxadleiF7bK0BtfE/U6FiqZ4AafvbrPEMGqJD3EBBdWRrvNEsrqARYB9xfpg+aW0I3AgDNdW70dinvlwAbgPBOB2027l9Xtl9tSIBNQCP45++b+fwvwgF7GVSYBF1YCoN42Rwv6yTANoA/+eanjfyyBkilEHYjQspmS2mPVkWlcFQCbAP4q2ca+VkNcB7JzaVoBo64ZPPAHMFzmaEDvHGvu4DxUKgC0mkAwgEAVNZWwH988+NGnhEAYcbGlLRxCKy5kLm4grEVA0MGeOmrm590F3Bs1het+j1JiwnzzpiI7GPXwM+bEQDN+LS/ytpxEFpYJvST+LRpcqgAdbcefHb8YbdL2MFOVwLTPpuCCM4ZIW5asMf1AuB2adlXpx97NgyAVy7cfPPw1W4DmqEwMT6pl1tgDI+gPGBWW4zvBLjLpqmYAc/d++KdqSll10dgwgNYll114DEkkprTt5Tw9wvw/Je/Pn1EqewBYAjAwSBMbyJjuhg+/j0FvH3/zutHJjg/ZddLeOc2Bn2/JT/Y9sSwdTgA7z74TMkPP6Xy2PF/9Q3wtedeqeeHr7wvHFgOGezrlnhgP4BDZbAUSKvAjAVVhYxghXsuVkCud3nzsDD8lKNvv/FC/wD//lwjW4ARRE8VF/OIZ78Mx9I5ls1GPK5lCtFOQqxTpIAnb3GTx9bwO/XW5et9BHzp2Xq2AHXuxZwLh0lARHI+MgkB76q+AuhZea6iR2bECcj1LqdrV7+p0V/8/OjI8/0cgS818qwACEcTUZ/LAAG/jbRawxBwbLpK4TSTyAUqQUyMgHzvUuNTHnvxvTMjB9R9BPzvn5p5rVbCbtxVjcRjwK1JptiVBWBJwrhvfwl3hV0+qwgB7271Lvzwu/ju0UNqdT8Bh76NafYuymPXPj0xolZLgB3tuzR7l1MfXOaqVwLsaPJo9C4TXO/ycm34SYAdTR6N3uVMffj1F/BHv2sJ3XKYrtIiB7zxoDl5cL3LIbV6EIB/u/58I+q/CgcC7jRKeY0hNOkYEy/g+QuNlQfXu7w6olYPBvCF643/euBEDTAxCyHEmgIyenG9WAEv8XNvvXovftRSvYMHpBFfziHD1z0z06miTpSA3MKtPvcqR6+9ceLx4dfvEm7mgAAYZ6hcbJ6setYgd06UgHznXK/elt5lMID/+fcfm6m9QzkUW0tkKXvSPueIiLCEhdZlqjF5vPyd4Se1MW1bl+bFTzlaW/j2A7BAOYHCOw4MVBjAVGVoAU/eaiw8+Or96Oi2fN0HhLXBJOx3mQyEC1IsItDMkAKev9C4+O1YvT0BdG6kVq16IHdjACn5waYbgPISVhgyQP7id6TOd+3TV0cOqPsFaIua/Y5pICsRILiKgdkYAAuyqHBb8+NPWoKKGFC4YVmv3hffutyGr/uAy5DXNGNyQON+NzSpXzAJd4mmhRJ+eLWZiQ+FsyuIN2SBvRl2tuLLmr2sCy5sbhoGC6i723rxu/ju0RG1uo+AwLpaAenNAFjf5CaTVVvLJPLwqrKeiRcFwDi5STKO/Z5kdMYfkXuhLLuKy/SygQK2rNumRt/mOucD6v4C7tzGfBdwOZeNaR1lvw0HEKi6CFU6ReLZ5AABhXXb1G6ty8AAjzdSA6RTwYU502KeA8QXTRaTHltzpEqhgQG23HATWpeRQ2q1iAA//LglB4UDdlsItTozhXGA2ioA8zoBsCTLgwJs3vHYpXXpBeD6fFKxC+Cun1pwjw1yFu6gdek+YDyox3F9jB7epdy5e811266tS/cBUf7LMDQZdGgBO2tdelHCjozWM9aNzQRVvP+AV1rXbU/QuvQCUJZ1sYn2gLcutOT2Tue2fjFJfwD56t3ie8LWpReACX9mLtMe8KvfNHP2knDA6wmWZUTamUIKa9OrKCLXarIqShsz9xHwxoN3JjpsXXoBWHCz7NhugGebEQAN5LIsv6rRMK68OzCbC5BOhNIGnJu5pb4B8tVb53vi1qUXgLirShk7BVRAIJirArjonU+b5ooJQlNypxLQXP3TDj0HPHf/ztO0Lr0ADDpU62h7wPtnf9uMMFXoEIxweuSVmB6vaH1FS8qwMIdbCV8x3R/AG4275Z21Lj2ZhbGUdqU94MHbLdE15lwjB7+yokOXYBrW2dG4Lj4O030A1F3hFx5bN4xGO2pdegGIOlzWoboncu5+Z7suvQZkEcoUbgOoeCpARc+G360vGrsuT129XQWUJ+N6SxvAwnq586xrerXp92Vz4VF/p+SAATN6Iku3AQSwoeNo4F5t+n2retXqQQPGw1aHm+LXEPHYakLncNDAuxAHa6VCA1A0Ofl49Z55+urtIiAcds6WSnwjPVn0rsR8PndVi7AJgq1tz0+LCLC1ek899dzbbUA7iwSDQX4ntJzSZwlVWC93GglkTfiw4YzFZBQL36Wvb57uxtzb9e2sRJJL7ZKlI6HMjFYWMhAuys4DeoMMLJbqvfP64Ub1vnfm/+fr2jVQrueyzN8nKgW1Dj1B2bDpmNUjcwmHUxqxVO9Ea/UeUqvFAkjPVKyBAP+OK7i6BgvfZBKaNwPLGiqeSeTS19/a9FOrxQM4lnD4MazdUm7gufHnxqZft6q3i4A6GrXUr4GiBLzyh5bq/aBL1dvVRrrkkS8qxAr4P/buPaapLI8DeOThad2dQoNhqcJwRb2lSqeUQgpDKYLDo4ALq7UDTBFZXgvii1FxDMKIYQQEnWqiKFHZ8NhxZOePTZQ1mBgExUSFRB5uSFZR1NHJZGaSTWY3m/1jz7ktbTFSoJxzey96EqPxJiR+cs75fc/jXg03/m6fnPXLBQLOAVYpCgsBRwEP/+No5EcERi9WwISdUukaTgJWTl787EO7i5L+AgEXAXVKB5/7cyVgz6PdHxEavVgBozOLijg4B8Ls4kls9OKswsBdoVBG+HINsNNaPN72jgyHAIPStxSU3qyP4BagLbvgTM5khnBJlUoSX8CpIWy48RfbOzIL2XPmxvU29rPLwNFI2zsyYWS63+IFrJy0nZc7d97LNqAx+/RmI2cAe6wLX+a2Bjk+fIDxsZorCo4A1v3TvnjolwsEPACUV2XJuQFo+MaWXRZ+5MEa4Oa4zKpCLgCeujO18F3ogSWrW/r5+dVqLmxnGW5YF77MZSGBgB+Axmh5enq0+SJGKR0cvm07yNiWDNKW5LEL2DOw25JdZng9mrtDOPiKzvxWUvCSA0oqnIqBv0ri8q2verGSXawL3/VOXfVzbREpi0pBl9J84/NEGjlwK/sY0GUqkJ4AQEZeLBuncpX2xePkQVa6H0ZAOlupynMHIIKS/Vm1DagSVMAtIQXIqwHIV7MAaOh8tNuueLDFhw9QQ0mkMvS/QAXvlcaoRBKj6GNZkE4U583KsaYvXLitdfRtDe4Dgrx4y7VSsAusyggCxqgPQHBUAytF5NSdu54s7BuQPRPRqR3eDyS68Lho/3Z+GIvdD+f9wPAgkUtWIpWTF/dH2g58i1ntfhgBYyTSKy5YiVR+M74/cr0nO/sGRAGDojPSWF+J2JVe9JbHPv1ygYCvgFUydUUUu4Co9Nr4Du0rZr/74TyVoyvclKwCotJrfT360HXX8OEDLBdR2SEsAk67a3WJvYUHuR3pel0Ge1v6zG2DKT70loK/QMBzQDo9WRrDEmCIXemFfN+FLRcIeA8oz1sqSl7BBuC00ouuqrmSD+P1tkxqT1wCC4D2pffTr07oXTb58fNY0670Qr5jLufjGaBd6UW5OdH1fLgA3es/WV1Y6EsW8JRt08B1uZnU5SLJ95SK7CXzw3f++lmk9aLf9YPc4MM2hIO3KKPcyQVpQ8+duzY+lJv9BYJFBQgU0hQ3Ulc7DJ0DRz0juZGbiQGK0sA2tBRZFS3ZsrqoqMGoEy0NplWnFw5Y2fkIBhfrjp+LczO5MxEZLUVzYPAapVSn1kSXXbm5JEEeLgMLPBOpvDFujc1cyM3kYkzGzV3M72mxctmuUkmR5b+GhPNiddkeZ0/l6ibhos265ZJ07pieY3z4c6AvWEVRiig3estmSYXGm4J/pcynnHvdte7lxf22Db9LX5zQc6X0EgCMstyPXrOkiN4ulSpipNL88hTL4s6pmwko9ll361ceOvl1GAf5MO7GbPH2RmciIWsKAGhoAGCFO6wou5yuwodtuQVOfedh7uMkH8YLlpkY39Y09AzcteYWuOaFqw5/AUcbLsCIhJJ1EXgAUeyLtG2XnjuRyNHOhxUwaw+mK76V007aLqHYx2E+jBuqFRoaA2Dl5LgdH1M5BNxuuACVVCYdvEBAw2FbboFT3/l9B7k79RG4XBRduqD9QMOpyfGjtg0DGJqLuT12MQNWiOKpL50GNNRNPoKxxbrbl8TN0ExyO0seFaJz9mC9bnIA6llTH3dDM8kN1c8PUDudetmwrnPg7v6pvmcNzQLeNEzvC+81xmQo5r8f+LfOgYt2eutXcjs0E93OosxfLpoHYGXPHag3tdyFQ/fTQ18cS+TN2MUM6OADoG8FNEC93WutW1VmvYNhfOPDB5i3MyVlzl/tQIEP6U2tdlcmnT95rJiHemLxBmxf7cgICprboZLv4Zfjuz2n650oXs5DvQ0B+saRC//DNIRjadp7dkDfUy/Hj3pGRtr0vrr+XSL/9CBeWPFgV3et9vd/wnRHOjk/fPYrvr6XYeCzfsaF0dPzT88/ICDx+L1bbVqhl5cQF6BaJoudw3dj/p0UOaV36dy+r/mnZxm3V3O8IB5quABXua8pQl/AN+apG0BM9lJQkB0DvDXKNwB/TVrLXz2IJ2bGrdCChxMwIyuLQq8qlWeVSVZQ8VLvuHjKXVJBrZt+rPlr0odTgcWfV3picUBY4jU0br3s9DACKjRqywVVpWS7GxBlS4AuWwboPDi65ZlG2xC2xD0xr/A2BCQ2noHjVjgdDyNg9TY5LVuK/rRZVvAGYEFJivVYcxcT98S8GrYMXl/Om10PL2CBIuHzA6iIFOxMVzRQ8XHThrB1Dlz2h43+PMM7bsETztAwAa6IVyUzf/Cu11SDzdlfzlBEeANowTvb97ZhSwBQ/r2qaC6bCbwAnMK7OhseRkDvkrS0NCP/AVG9EMNqe/YFCnqz6mGswnO8I81lQIQXZsYTzg3vPeB0vGKI1zYfvPeA1ilPXzz4cP547wHNHQ8mle5arXDedu84INPxGgcf3rrqTMd7twHF/gEB4o3XYESuFQqdt3snAZmcom8c6epum2tQeQ9otUObeajUvqjV4rB7hwDF5ozXeKaru3ZBM947CAjpGLuRLrg003phxVv0gIwdTCldsNJqhbjpYPPx81usgCikMHbdMKWQsEN4wprb7XTyYgMU+zMBD4aU7jYtGTsvPz+f3OZnY0OmltTA/yweQDGygxll8N6FvjYC052l3/loO570jj5vSg0M3OThsfWPiwGQqbKoVMAVbV8tITvLoJ0YftDUEhiYGurBNOyAp2klUNAZoIQOB19GV5MGNNPpExuv3YNllpSdD7LLaW7vf9p6BPY7ix0ZwBJZvJG6SZVK86gS1SdSBTFAJp8EJBYfH3l4AVbZHDJ2PsyYrYUT3qjpSAu0s8cjAgg09WkioEMfoL0iA2VZANQXHTBiBZwar7DGnoUrMq2QWK/z09Y03x+jh1qh3fSORxBQrVmnAkVqGaCzU0CVGoBVq1V78QAycgFhG48PnrlwC20ECIlNdnC2a77fSw+ZjoSmvqXfEQSMiY1Nk+hSVol00gb5EqoUyxBmoknABv1GOF7Pdl+tIUYHAwpKKE96hyFdKqTbNDMdIcDy5OTyvfkNICi/HETkly6oiIjN85xYDGsEmulemPeMiQxYlO2EOR1PJvqHTCihBM5KR2oIY4gxYkssQcV1BFbXvja0BSAkVyWE2hpE99TEBJQ50nEQUGzpcnpYWwchXPeLWnNxJSDH1AgfbU5t8/2J/tEHrU0on6TOh447gAwbmuQgHFyCdcFUAuHQdQpSXQ7K1XTcbh8bfvq86UgLWlKEhs7fztWANrfixuPXzjzsOnurD4YSLan6wMgJc2GXa+8fhTWiBUWTTc7CuQ4QVlSkFiBO3NgI8wisDd1XYXEQasnMcRDOz49JdB23n/UOv3rQeiQ0FIecqwDFiG0EdrduWBq0QnMgIeHGJBIfYW5H85N2BGdq9Ug1D1YPnI1lwMu3+l601VimN1JxBLnBJQR0g9XB1MqEkjkkOj4ALrucSyyLoAlOm4MG6sRY+pCJKasYhypXemCuFy4yC5qPVpsDs8jt++0T/bCoQrfQQCaQkHVzYQ/EgIa6Wi2D1ts/PPoUhTgmjDBuLMHxoAf62MAYs9yamg4zGg3RTDDAtYSmWkYp22xc7IFocrR5MWAdsII+edbeO9ZPv3o19OC5qcnDI9SCtsmFaK7tgT5IygbF9DMfbS7qX7CDQS8INjzKeKEJLZVpDBnxgsCLHphjhmKkJnrHxtAkBrGem0ytrU3mCmBu3OlkXOqBP0ImBso86U9RpVr6F/e9XA74i3nK5yMVRwB3eCyuRhRwhVz+wXvABQDS9WXRAISEqBoKze13P/7y7W9nbt9u3eHw8Y5ZHm91wQ//139D0L/MFxSGFIhwA8rWxagAKJNkqiSWlvL4h9/M3H54/fgnB49/fv34ZwePf3r8eiE//LGTP5xi/mHSWJFEJscNKFEqJLAHFoYUTvVAdwlYNnMDCtrh4wSNw8fp2x0+zoh2+Fitdvj4/+2dz4rqSBTGaQXPytArIa6i3VhGIiFUREwUiShoCBjsjZEgkWggYkur0Nmp27itJ7hrH8JXm7gYmFu5k5lpWhhmcjZCvtSf/Mqq+mpzqtL6E7lw/zDBHUe/8N0AXQ3JPz/JXxML+O1EWX5LlJtGokyaifLQTZTbfqIsDf5yK/3KLpzLUQ8K1cT3C8mDKAiJ8kp4ZOWF5NKrhwBM49sAujwRZooDlacZtNg2PdprpgmONyvYwWhZrtdfKFnEMiyUGwQZvVNTAvpvPOT9leWZcFIsQWRi17NN2AHIXhukzHX1u7P6Q/S9zep5VLHL9VGxqs6p/EuF0BuAr/QEkXcgX69T90bZY88Fhx2sZtFrnXjXvg1gDd9EvOa2003O5kSNTrd6Cdlqd+LJV2ZRHW/CCiW/jq5bbo38l9z0FbvMjSakDx1c4167Bichk6fvZ7v0vEa3xrgaUZtjq6fSy9cEy/XmMbz2wnFTHSjU3BQn3ISXmdNe2dx9GdU1u+V3t1xLE8Ua50ddOz1sCo9vE679Q2qq2OAhmNGy6Al6eDh+sOyCXW91Wh4EeW72fgJXaSA4VWKGc+hHlftzDhENwg0tm/OVFk6DpwAx7P7M03JZ62glSWE6WXZu5lFs7PUzB30VLAvwZB0r7bAEg9qHs/aKYHB8IEDonA41AG2IoL6IA4QXlx/okpjJiAaOA4TlsGsCKwtc1QriAMG/fZh63hsgUGMbovkEF1frl13vqpC7s/r5vMQ4oJ/l0bxFvMppqVHyGU8EbhX2wGoDK8ZKt/Buj2DubnEHOHuzeRRA57Mrhd7RVjNso4L1CyVv9ffhacSW33TeMRGiHQX5mJrN+ai6Rw0IeVSj7c0nJ22YwOaftOUY63QOryV6dxcjpuTW+ayMkEPJ+vR4ftOQ1EJI9pHWp9bAKRfkNzzKGYeD4SDal738YK1qHePSgbvmLR6tHwXw2Sf5cyeaD6QKAond7mATf3u55wxYLyPzE8tmmyfksicFsO9LeIemD1mf7NZR5bZRhIK/i01R4mefjQYUjajdcyxR6dKXSlCL9o5l1O42dk13jURFozaLhLzEfdmqQ/yCQMqwJkb1F11Lbcy/xcakkQL8vwD0x7BYRF5a+BsHsBTgrw6t8yvymP5OZUXCVXYpwH8cxXfcVT+zTZZ3uo10Cn8h2BE2xSa2OHeUroFfiEJGUjxLRAprjlOAX4nIqj/bUCqvhGoKMLUxaaQAU4ApwP8awN8A47E+ekCHaCYAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Stackplots and streamgraphs

![Stairs
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Stairs Demo

![Creating a timeline with lines, dates, and
text](data:image/png;base64,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)

Creating a timeline with lines, dates, and text

![hlines and
vlines](data:image/png;base64,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)

hlines and vlines

![Cross- and Auto-Correlation
Demo](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAAAYFBMVEVHcEzx8fE2hbsheLQAAACwsLAfd7T////6+vo3hbybwt3V1dWOutlqamo0NDSampoUFBTl5eVbW1unp6dISEj4+PjIyMiJiYkiIiK/v7/p6el6enr9/f0sfbW2trZnk7IWkRmLAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAACBxJREFUeNrt3YliojAQBuBVw0y5PPCu7Pb933I5Qgx3QA6pf7plVYYAnwmRFMmfPyoxkmn6U5ngAkAAAhCASAAEIAABiARAAAIQgEgABCAAAYgEQAACEIBIAAQgAAGIBMDJAY87/5t55+6TZ+JT0nCAUVbb+P9b9Hteia/mZH2ZpveOHBbwFP2XFEAA9qzCAYvDIeNsTJbxcUSPdJzh83wtUozViIwDaNsABCAAAQhAAA4PGM0CIAAXDEgfBFj5cRqA5oCV5VADbD5fAWArYHNbbQLoAfA1QCpF1uW5EEAPgK8B0lSADgCL871OgPaMgGmX/mP/ZoBUnWcpj/kBZY903KM/eI80ycfr9XNaSNGLaZ6Ok5tP1XmW8kjj1sWFrNyax+7S304O+HyoANfrhQKmXfru3p2yCj8fqips2y9V4WTGjI1ImPzrDljfcn4YYN9WGIC/DpDeElCd57cAyt22zQDjXD8EUG1HX0BplX1Afop+LiC1AnrJ05ROWuUXGw2QfgMgJT+ZUg6QBgaMl0wKuQ6YHnWWBEjTAHp1gNFEB2w4fVwaIHUF9JoAqS+g9xGAiQJVA1KyYG9AAiAAAbhEQJoXkNoA1SwTQJI/AJwUUJ5IdgH8mQ4w7dIXrhgb0OkNKFdRAqR6QG0VpPzH7NK/8iPtkV6r9DeZUjLdbHIv6jPULFIvrjfJQ0qebjaURsW/JH/SheJp9PtXy0nGqJz0tacLajOyOJn7Rr2QWwWpxbU0eJf+kXdFwNiBntON3MR0D//qePFTUiA5ltxW60nu4UY+1OTXiiWTlyRrRS3R1tXUWeRmrb25hcgBAbccXuNCuC0X7bRO2LJPQFaSrI5p1fdZlbSaaNWfkfGzJbblQ63uZ2cNqu5nBwRWlV1WW66u7FmkzdrhhfLnIkM2IrdtxHcU/5oBOTvKOCaAamd7AvLAgKUNGboVDiszLgJqh+g3AeR3AeRBAHMv9gJ0SjFDAXqfAcijAfL8gNqfiqjcgwdAAI5xKjceoGcIqJ3XLBHQqwLkKkDuCCh31mkC9JYPyK8CcgsgNwHy7wBkAA4OyAB8N8D246QRoOMAsC6G8nlWA+a2E4AA/ARA95JmJgYDrIicC7DzXx97AF7lLWOSHGsuMqfqi8wL19UXrupuvRxdRVLtpeB6DOXzdLRZNZe4O6PfN8aN0o61EtgNsPIa+KkAv9oBJ7rxzvYS8I1d4Xauws1fzhq5CnN7FeZJqrDsjQ5lpzQAJ2yFAfgmgBYApwD0APgaIPOQN/P5ZYC1t5v4JYDe2IDtMYZ5vingKLsAwCkAR1s7AAEIQAACEIAfDThr5JD9gfeA2bXiKQB7AGY90knHPm4F3w1Q69JfneQ7g9EcuE+X/mor76X/6jFyeZGvNyJhl6wBiARAAAIQgEgABCAAAYgEQAACEIC5dFh9RjqMBShaVnw03sT3jhyoP/CeXF9+FzveiYtRNxC69CvSjQP2eQ/AvoBX/ne4ZHcuwt9EugP6vDtbHMwGSMsFvAvBp9mPgbToKhxqUwAO8DEGgAAEIAABCEAAAhCAAARgG2C420aTU3RCFwgBwB4l0I/v4Bv3xwQogX0AD5f07seCj+4tOh9+CGFNn2iGdQ5bAnffMaaFEtjrGHhK7wYvfFThHiUw5MIlvgDExxgAAhCAAAQgAAEIQAACcHTAuDuLd0JwuD8BsG9nQjye155XRwD27s76ijMMcHFR3+4sDlEC+x8DT+yLE46BvbuzQrTC+BgDQAACEIAABCAAAQhAAE4MKPxv5sANOJA3HwNgr94YX15chN6YjoBnK740hq/J17x2AOxVhQO+Wgd+HLZnVOEXGpEwRCPyhq0wDQhIAAQgADsCOp03zJsM0OkM6E0PaGtTM0CaDNA2B5T3nKd5Ac3GbO0GKIdSIv3JoIDpRi8RMIpuBVSDwzaM2F4CVDGLAfSqAZ1qOrmRzoiAng5I1WW6BOjNB0hFQLu6AOQA7REBqQlQ5VgApHcATN5dHTB31MoA1QjyVvS2U/mA8NzRRMyWi5IEzCFSHtBTgHLB8gD1OUBnAsDk0o74e3KVl3ZkgN6zgJB6kap2NgdIBUBZlcwAvWdhy1ZAzYCxk7JKotLcvBEB0+4skWYYJN+Vo89Ig3Zn3VJAv/DOUL5VrWpbVbGkZ+nLN3qUlBnbzg3TSsX2Ote2klZ001Iqi9DzaJmrmFphK7fXubElaZQe6YAv1wdfrdN5DECv2ED0AHzm836ATY2IVwKUHw+8ckPq1QFyMYNCex0f+rXBSYuLFhrmCkD5DumR+kC6OUBv+s6ESsBamD6AVecXXQBrPlZXAjIAFwtY25lQD/jT6azZ7ATtpzNg3Z4sANAaAdD61YDcCbB60GenEyC/PyCPBti7l7sn4CK69OcDZAACsLhPY98d+i0At3eWA5PuDufXARcUOQzgLlvRnvfbEICdAOMBOq/pFw15+8Vpn8w8t36yFnvrJ/fC8VWB6WVFe+WK0V2Nj4HBng/3e5Tdv6wKv9rILC/y1VY47JY1AJEAuGjAs2A3br1bUyAehpHZQBJtKf5Gsy++TUKvvmnk5IA3ETXXD6PQq2FkNphOa/q+r45GB7fw7htGTg54ijbLZ9c1KjFmkXIwHaOVHzn9VkFLOrJvGDkl4LfrumeRjuCyao/kW9gemRwULHUH3JaSeoizu5k0wUIYRs7QiERV2DWpHLfDwTBSuGZV+B6drt8uZuXKN45EK4yPMQAEIBIAAQhAACIBEIAABCASAAEIwF8E+B8uEiZLrnNTfAAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

Cross- and Auto-Correlation Demo

![Affine transform of an
image](data:image/png;base64,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)

Affine transform of an image

![Wind
Barbs](data:image/png;base64,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)

Wind Barbs

![Contour Corner
Mask](data:image/png;base64,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)

Contour Corner Mask

![Contour
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Contour Demo

![Contour
Image](data:image/png;base64,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)

Contour Image

![Contour Label
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Contour Label Demo

![Contourf
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Contourf Demo

![Contourf
Hatching](data:image/png;base64,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)

Contourf Hatching

![Contourf and log color
scale](data:image/png;base64,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)

Contourf and log color scale

![Contouring the solution space of
optimizations](data:image/png;base64,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)

Contouring the solution space of optimizations

![BboxImage
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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