# sklearn.preprocessing.StandardScaler

`class sklearn.preprocessing.StandardScaler(*, copy=True, with_mean=True,
with_std=True)` [source]

    
Standardize features by removing the mean and scaling to unit variance

The standard score of a sample `x` is calculated as:

z = (x - u) / s

where `u` is the mean of the training samples or zero if `with_mean=False`,
and `s` is the standard deviation of the training samples or one if
`with_std=False`.

Centering and scaling happen independently on each feature by computing the
relevant statistics on the samples in the training set. Mean and standard
deviation are then stored to be used on later data using `transform`.

Standardization of a dataset is a common requirement for many machine learning
estimators: they might behave badly if the individual features do not more or
less look like standard normally distributed data (e.g. Gaussian with 0 mean
and unit variance).

For instance many elements used in the objective function of a learning
algorithm (such as the RBF kernel of Support Vector Machines or the L1 and L2
regularizers of linear models) assume that all features are centered around 0
and have variance in the same order. If a feature has a variance that is
orders of magnitude larger that others, it might dominate the objective
function and make the estimator unable to learn from other features correctly
as expected.

This scaler can also be applied to sparse CSR or CSC matrices by passing
`with_mean=False` to avoid breaking the sparsity structure of the data.

Read more in the User Guide.

Parameters

    
`copybool, default=True`

    
If False, try to avoid a copy and do inplace scaling instead. This is not
guaranteed to always work inplace; e.g. if the data is not a NumPy array or
scipy.sparse CSR matrix, a copy may still be returned.

`with_meanbool, default=True`

    
If True, center the data before scaling. This does not work (and will raise an
exception) when attempted on sparse matrices, because centering them entails
building a dense matrix which in common use cases is likely to be too large to
fit in memory.

`with_stdbool, default=True`

    
If True, scale the data to unit variance (or equivalently, unit standard
deviation).

Attributes

    
`scale_ndarray of shape (n_features,) or None`

    
Per feature relative scaling of the data to achieve zero mean and unit
variance. Generally this is calculated using `np.sqrt(var_)`. If a variance is
zero, we can’t achieve unit variance, and the data is left as-is, giving a
scaling factor of 1. `scale_` is equal to `None` when `with_std=False`.

New in version 0.17: scale_

`mean_ndarray of shape (n_features,) or None`

    
The mean value for each feature in the training set. Equal to `None` when
`with_mean=False`.

`var_ndarray of shape (n_features,) or None`

    
The variance for each feature in the training set. Used to compute `scale_`.
Equal to `None` when `with_std=False`.

`n_samples_seen_int or ndarray of shape (n_features,)`

    
The number of samples processed by the estimator for each feature. If there
are no missing samples, the `n_samples_seen` will be an integer, otherwise it
will be an array of dtype int. If `sample_weights` are used it will be a float
(if no missing data) or an array of dtype float that sums the weights seen so
far. Will be reset on new calls to fit, but increments across `partial_fit`
calls.

See also

`scale`

    
Equivalent function without the estimator API.

`PCA`

    
Further removes the linear correlation across features with ‘whiten=True’.

#### Notes

NaNs are treated as missing values: disregarded in fit, and maintained in
transform.

We use a biased estimator for the standard deviation, equivalent to
`numpy.std(x, ddof=0)`. Note that the choice of `ddof` is unlikely to affect
model performance.

For a comparison of the different scalers, transformers, and normalizers, see
examples/preprocessing/plot_all_scaling.py.

#### Examples

    
    >>> from sklearn.preprocessing import StandardScaler
    >>> data = [[0, 0], [0, 0], [1, 1], [1, 1]]
    >>> scaler = StandardScaler()
    >>> print(scaler.fit(data))
    StandardScaler()
    >>> print(scaler.mean_)
    [0.5 0.5]
    >>> print(scaler.transform(data))
    [[-1. -1.]
     [-1. -1.]
     [ 1.  1.]
     [ 1.  1.]]
    >>> print(scaler.transform([[2, 2]]))
    [[3. 3.]]
    
#### Methods

`fit`(X[, y, sample_weight]) | Compute the mean and std to be used for later scaling.  
---|---  
`fit_transform`(X[, y]) | Fit to data, then transform it.  
`get_params`([deep]) | Get parameters for this estimator.  
`inverse_transform`(X[, copy]) | Scale back the data to the original representation  
`partial_fit`(X[, y, sample_weight]) | Online computation of mean and std on X for later scaling.  
`set_params`(**params) | Set the parameters of this estimator.  
`transform`(X[, copy]) | Perform standardization by centering and scaling  
`fit(X, y=None, sample_weight=None)` [source]

    
Compute the mean and std to be used for later scaling.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The data used to compute the mean and standard deviation used for later
scaling along the features axis.

`yNone`

    
Ignored.

`sample_weightarray-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Individual weights for each sample.

New in version 0.24: parameter sample_weight support to StandardScaler.

Returns

    
`selfobject`

    
Fitted scaler.

`fit_transform(X, y=None, **fit_params)` [source]

    
Fit to data, then transform it.

Fits transformer to `X` and `y` with optional parameters `fit_params` and
returns a transformed version of `X`.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Input samples.

`yarray-like of shape (n_samples,) or (n_samples, n_outputs), default=None`

    
Target values (None for unsupervised transformations).

`**fit_paramsdict`

    
Additional fit parameters.

Returns

    
`X_newndarray array of shape (n_samples, n_features_new)`

    
Transformed array.

`get_params(deep=True)` [source]

    
Get parameters for this estimator.

Parameters

    
`deepbool, default=True`

    
If True, will return the parameters for this estimator and contained
subobjects that are estimators.

Returns

    
`paramsdict`

    
Parameter names mapped to their values.

`inverse_transform(X, copy=None)` [source]

    
Scale back the data to the original representation

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The data used to scale along the features axis.

`copybool, default=None`

    
Copy the input X or not.

Returns

    
`X_tr{ndarray, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Transformed array.

`partial_fit(X, y=None, sample_weight=None)` [source]

    
Online computation of mean and std on X for later scaling.

All of X is processed as a single batch. This is intended for cases when `fit`
is not feasible due to very large number of `n_samples` or because X is read
from a continuous stream.

The algorithm for incremental mean and std is given in Equation 1.5a,b in
Chan, Tony F., Gene H. Golub, and Randall J. LeVeque. “Algorithms for
computing the sample variance: Analysis and recommendations.” The American
Statistician 37.3 (1983): 242-247:

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The data used to compute the mean and standard deviation used for later
scaling along the features axis.

`yNone`

    
Ignored.

`sample_weightarray-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Individual weights for each sample.

New in version 0.24: parameter sample_weight support to StandardScaler.

Returns

    
`selfobject`

    
Fitted scaler.

`set_params(**params)` [source]

    
Set the parameters of this estimator.

The method works on simple estimators as well as on nested objects (such as
`Pipeline`). The latter have parameters of the form `<component>__<parameter>`
so that it’s possible to update each component of a nested object.

Parameters

    
`**paramsdict`

    
Estimator parameters.

Returns

    
`selfestimator instance`

    
Estimator instance.

`transform(X, copy=None)` [source]

    
Perform standardization by centering and scaling

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The data used to scale along the features axis.

`copybool, default=None`

    
Copy the input X or not.

Returns

    
`X_tr{ndarray, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Transformed array.

## Examples using `sklearn.preprocessing.StandardScaler`

![Release Highlights for scikit-learn
0.23](data:image/png;base64,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)

Release Highlights for scikit-learn 0.23

![Release Highlights for scikit-learn
0.22](data:image/png;base64,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)

Release Highlights for scikit-learn 0.22

![Classifier
comparison](data:image/png;base64,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)

Classifier comparison

![Demo of DBSCAN clustering
algorithm](data:image/png;base64,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)

Demo of DBSCAN clustering algorithm

![Comparing different hierarchical linkage methods on toy
datasets](data:image/png;base64,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)

Comparing different hierarchical linkage methods on toy datasets

![A demo of K-Means clustering on the handwritten digits
data](data:image/png;base64,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)

A demo of K-Means clustering on the handwritten digits data

![Comparing different clustering algorithms on toy
datasets](data:image/png;base64,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)

Comparing different clustering algorithms on toy datasets

![Principal Component Regression vs Partial Least Squares
Regression](data:image/png;base64,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)

Principal Component Regression vs Partial Least Squares Regression

![Factor Analysis \(with rotation\) to visualize
patterns](data:image/png;base64,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)

Factor Analysis (with rotation) to visualize patterns

![Combine predictors using
stacking](data:image/png;base64,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