# sklearn.datasets.load_iris

`sklearn.datasets.load_iris(*, return_X_y=False, as_frame=False)` [source]

    
Load and return the iris dataset (classification).

The iris dataset is a classic and very easy multi-class classification
dataset.

Classes | 3  
---|---  
Samples per class | 50  
Samples total | 150  
Dimensionality | 4  
Features | real, positive  
Read more in the User Guide.

Parameters

    
`return_X_ybool, default=False`

    
If True, returns `(data, target)` instead of a Bunch object. See below for
more information about the `data` and `target` object.

New in version 0.18.

`as_framebool, default=False`

    
If True, the data is a pandas DataFrame including columns with appropriate
dtypes (numeric). The target is a pandas DataFrame or Series depending on the
number of target columns. If `return_X_y` is True, then (`data`, `target`)
will be pandas DataFrames or Series as described below.

New in version 0.23.

Returns

    
`dataBunch`

    
Dictionary-like object, with the following attributes.

`data{ndarray, dataframe} of shape (150, 4)`

    
The data matrix. If `as_frame=True`, `data` will be a pandas DataFrame.

target: {ndarray, Series} of shape (150,)

    
The classification target. If `as_frame=True`, `target` will be a pandas
Series.

feature_names: list

    
The names of the dataset columns.

target_names: list

    
The names of target classes.

frame: DataFrame of shape (150, 5)

    
Only present when `as_frame=True`. DataFrame with `data` and `target`.

New in version 0.23.

DESCR: str

    
The full description of the dataset.

filename: str

    
The path to the location of the data.

New in version 0.20.

`(data, target)tuple if return_X_y is True`

    
New in version 0.18.

#### Notes

Changed in version 0.20: Fixed two wrong data points according to Fisher’s
paper. The new version is the same as in R, but not as in the UCI Machine
Learning Repository.

#### Examples

Let’s say you are interested in the samples 10, 25, and 50, and want to know
their class name.

    
    >>> from sklearn.datasets import load_iris
    >>> data = load_iris()
    >>> data.target[[10, 25, 50]]
    array([0, 0, 1])
    >>> list(data.target_names)
    ['setosa', 'versicolor', 'virginica']
    
## Examples using `sklearn.datasets.load_iris`

![Release Highlights for scikit-learn
0.24](data:image/png;base64,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)

Release Highlights for scikit-learn 0.24

![Release Highlights for scikit-learn
0.22](data:image/png;base64,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)

Release Highlights for scikit-learn 0.22

![Plot classification
probability](data:image/png;base64,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)

Plot classification probability

![Plot Hierarchical Clustering
Dendrogram](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAZAAAAEYCAMAAABFglBLAAACFlBMVEX///+Tk5O2trZVmMaioqLs7OympqaKioppaWm+vr6It9fg8eA7iL2rzOMme7bu9PzS5PD/lzv+/v3/xI8xojH6+/r//v5sbGzt7e5aWlrn5+bj4+MzozPd3d3z8/P8/PxmZmbb29vLy8v19fXg4OD5+fn39/dwcHDp6elXV1dUVFSw3LBGrEY4pTiDg4OcnJye1J51wXWNjY2vr6+8vLyQkJC64Lp1dXXJ58nIyMj29vbu7u5AqUD0+vRJSUl6enphYWGHh4f8/vzFxcWAgIA8PDxNTU1jY2P/jyuysrJRUVH/27p9fX3V7NWVlZXv7+/09PTDw8NFRUVycnKlpaVBQUFTslOpqan/iB/Q0NDq9uqZmZnj8+P/zqTu+O7Z2dn/ghPBwcHT09PS6tLOzs6goKDy8vJcXFz/7d2Wl5cxMTF3d3c3Nzf/+/fX19fS0tLw8PDV1dVgYGCsrKy6urrq6uqdnZ2PzI9fX1//oU61tbW4uLhetl5svWxJrUleXl7/p1ms2az/uHl/xX9RsFEhISH/sGkpKSlpX1XY7tj/s3C94b09qD3p9ekPDw//9ev/x5Ynnif/1K3/mT//kzJVYFV4wnj/5Mvqnlr/ql6Mutr/wovH3M7/59Fwv3DreRMnkydcncnrhivrtYWBxoHrxqXrk0Sp06nX5/NUl8U6h72Pwo/q8viAuoBShqfr0brr4NcojXD5Fqj1AAAYE0lEQVR42uzd/08i6R0H8A8WEWq77U2lIyCCI/JtFe6QOUR7InWQYllQviz18ORA0KhEUUBb3S93ubXmktas2eZy3bSbXNKk16Zp0v+wA+jGYl38QWVc3+8f0BkfZszz8nk+zxAnQ4QgCIIgCIIgCIIgCIIgCIIgCIIgCIIgCIJcks0skTpU6h8durSJ3l17rYbO74uGmNoXxi1z5miBO/8jrfb8Vnaz+XCcTFbIXzyLNweMWpw7RHPF7aFp9aVNUrbaa8l7ft92oAZiZjW7EVbX5Tv/I1fX+a0tXfPhPPaUbFIwNO+O88CopcCKf+fJzV7/OFNWWhYoK/hdJgfrsFLF4XeVeOOGNTTLG/fJ1MUYEkYLp3aynjxtxmoghaRZHF9ql8D4dZSXEWdRpjuL68rcuMvo6CVZJN4h946HFax/kDKsb3etdkafi8i6niWvRRkiUzitLDCUNTqep8mRZheySmWWGEWQF/TRjYjHJJ6NI92G05ja8mx03gOQxLog+A71usB42Z4PTUYLx/smrdsrGEl22GGyBLmKdf8w1BGo5mO0G8vObw9lvYrJaKYOohQaY0JgYjkKaYZihc35IVaZ6beENwWWZpLzVWNi5WiDszvNky5v8nkdpDaCbDJ9zM3FvJlj53QgryuOVg7TdMjmVcX9/WJGFVApjvPWY1eupPIqYhNiq+wR6zUK9wBEPlmphNYHdDGzRplKrasS4vw0EFy1FynyWzIXB8QmZbvYgdO5GWbmQNzqD2uCR3l9HcToOAOZ2aSDKcay6tSRIFDpiE/x672rBSJWUQoMkNOXS4r4O29BNGlnMpWacWQCg2SRl1fFY61RIE8yccAaCw7xuElOu16iOUEzdZgbKJrJXqAO232YspTipJPMiCCrUwVnqrNgFHvEZfYGaI2l8WKtJJfFP2xNtgZSq+spe2klNt0Akc3UK3sNJEcpsVe5rqTWUQPx7+7um5+XGyA62t3YThqosHM2ZY2vZ53JglO+nYv1U7wwKvZ0MEKxbZKJv86U3BEmCnDaQIkUs9H+QH4gOUiaFB3YmftS1DfFKWvfXpkeNTvFbhWUqqkj4kWasMZd1pbF7rKrtmKUSo52LKhibtexd6Be1KOzFlWHoHP5KM66J239iWxH0ZSe9ZbCnml3hewKEVdeKpoozQ7Zw5VksF7UjVxIY1QPzKa4sm4rsEJs2hrYLR9GKLAlLhYS8oBpOjCaPs5r16NUiVVcx/lMcZBmE7Q/cw9AvAlxseSyRnkzqXwbcsYrF/u5y1deY7IpcewU4v7OBXHm2R3QRhgKxcM5JhFXpPVVvt43pbTHFzK4Q1R1OMoJdcLjy1KvP75tKHjCKqqtblOc2TVB02XSObosntp7QmxcqC2yNwUP36kVz1vOEhfnnfPEiwtmzrMhvquykQ7kSl3jYnmPy9dMVdcQ7XK0nb4HILcWFd8V816xLSNLs8Fx9NmNRldWbF658XRifw5dhiDvbbQq5N2p3i4IP+XqQi4Pb0vcLojMjVninUkpbhmkA33+7k+IAAIQBCAAAQhAAAIQgLzN63/+SFr5zny/Qf7x3Y8lldcP/nW/QX7wWlozzff3HuSH0gL5KUAAAhCAAAQgAAEIQAACEIAABCB3A0RbWFugwURhBSDSAMmUR+0ZIeyPqwEijSlrbjOYtc0xNn19Kw2QdoPMB4P5VWKCW0RRlxCrAKTtRT3MaxojZCiX8xwApL0g84qyjROEsxqyhimr3UU9nc5hlYXrEIAABCAAAQhAAAIQgAAEIAABCEAAAhCAAAQgAAEIQAACEIAABCAAAQhAAAIQgAAEIAB5f0HMg+LL0Eo/AxBJgBwYgzyTmWTjWoBIAkRXnbNncjP5aGMzApC21xCtrVPn82n0RGqdTgBIu0GqwfodCJEuol6HJ+kGSHtBrMFRopUJc7jxbDPcjtBuENk6y5q2doyeCRR1SYCozSv9BmZ8DtchuDAECEAAAhCAAAQgAAEIQAACEIAABCAAAQhAAAIQgAAEIAABCEAAAhCAAAQgAAEIQAACkPcUhHn7AhAJgLiVQSej5ld9KwCRBIjeVJ0dmF6tCpH6Jh5X0f4pK2rvjKxRlsXjKqQBssKWiXfSPIvHVUgCJGoRz9ChHJJ11Tdxf0i7QfgjS9w06HsexE2f0gAZ7NRqh8hgNWPZiwtDgAAEIAABCEAAAhCAAAQgAAEIQAACEIAABCAAAQhAAAIQgAAEIAABCEAAAhCAAAQgAHkfQfor+2biEvI8QKQBMuAvmmjHH8o1NvG4ivZPWRo9KY3pEuFxFRIBsekpz/FKNR5XIZURoqsNjplqfQO3I7QbZDBblOtGs/7aCEFRlwBI1S8ICynHbgmrLFyHAAQgAAEIQAACEIAABCAAAQhAAAIQgABECvn+wU8AclsxLHa3yuJfHix3t27FAOQ6MtbTOn3/6WvdaKQbINeRj0e6ryOLyz2PAHItIL+4nuMs9QHkmkAM13KcTwECEIAABCAAAQhAAAIQgADkXoKYLLNW4qZ25gEiDZBSZkbPaLIL9hJAJDJlaUxWG0M720SGiagfIG0Hsem0NmKmckS9PjbgBkibQRibnrFva+2N+0MiGCFtBtGyRzauotGUUdSlAaK2dlrHaaIXy15chwAEIAABCEAAAhCAAAQgAAEIQAACEIAABCAAAQhAAAIQgAAEIPcaZKnva4C0D2Tp6eOmvDh51rzrySJAbguk+2Tvw1bZOxkDyK2B9PyxZRvDCEBuEaT1XemfAAQgAJEiyIJC7gWIhEDYcCgPEAmBeKZkjf+1pjRApACS49amxolKaX6mAhBpFHW7icg8Pc8eSB1k7MXw/+bZH06Gm/PGcKdBmNEsHzTXv5X+80O+HHnYMnt9n9ztEVJ2pKt3pah/+ax1m+WROw5yl65DrgDCjAFEWiMEIBdBXgPk1kB+/bPW+ffaFRr9FSDXAvKn37z6oFW+/bZlk1ef/xkg1wLyq8+uspRu3eT3XwDk9kAIIAAByF0GWexZbNlGPbIMkJsG+eTTpXqWe5aXTvPL5jYPP2rkzcmTbxrffTMGkBsCedrT18hJ31k+bm7zZPjU4aszj5G/AeSGQIb3Hi3Xc/pl+dHwhxdA9pr3vPkKIDcF8rB5z+MrgDwFyO2BvADIKcgNXqmrAdIqn1386OTzCx/BvGx9nIeXgzDdp1Xh731jpwXiazVA/n9+/sUHL5s+W3x5Ycer312+Wt07Xe887jldk360t9TcZvhsBTVytoC6+M+5APkve9f+m0Z2hY+tJYzVn/a2E5iZwvAYBhipUPlRZKgGqMNgT1B4GIRdlGIsDGvsYGxMxMaNvErrzW62m+wmabNVs9qoVbc/VFX7J/bemYtjwJHdrNZJsz5SPDPf3Of5zjn33OtgqHz04Owy915NyI++vGumoH/6HeXj7pefjm2sP/vNsHz+h8/eOUK+vj4qK/fGoEfnIOTj70LI1fH/Gz32cQ40ftIhvnuEoMW1lRFZfHlHZe3mdyIEfUDl4yeDu0fjR0+jJx2f//TTM4+e2HePkFsrj2+9Sp7de2DK2pN7VK6/Tsh6tjYmi4/GPORMQtAPgpCrK6/W8b21D035iF4/XHkyWubR45uGPH7/Cb27+Wy0zPW1rz8Ylsdrjy49ZJiQLwaZ6NriIDm9eXbI//H7Y9nuGg1rT5/Sm5XFq6OErNwaXbjWLj1khJDjLHWQm37x9M9nE/KXMQ/54uko8ngFnUnIs0sPGSPkwdkb63MQcvXmOCGLr0HID81DLPu73w8hp3nI4qWHnCWxdCaY/34IOc1D4H9fQ04h5NfnIORX5yHkXKe9F/v7kEkbHPiNr6sIFWM9IvZvv7L3hsT+1Tjy7Sjyt7+OI5YR5O/fBCyjCD+C/Pub/wwjlucvno8g1RfPhzuzSC9+ERtG+J/8Yxjp9X728xHE8st/jiD23/9rBIn99q6JZCfeuwhCNqywkyBfV8FwfcaUTz5hRuT1kPQ5ENcpiGsU+eN5kPRoQ6cgiTFkbwzpjyGH9KZZuwhCuhmYd8GlvDXiVqb8G5dqeIukFgmzl1q4lEs5l6CeXG23pSz0XiIIBLfXuB5LTgDUkSzHzz2x5267fWAxfS0mswGJfE5Odgdw4Y4JRoV228FDVh7U6njxbkHwGVeKOKFTDRhXKs4ORuzGlYgcg6yEH0Wh2hZANEcpZ31Sux0gL6nIsUa7XZVkn/14V0IGG8iaV2NWMbeAbxoOSQQybox4BR7P0eJuV82Z9FDHISFSxu0kk3oThEwt837GdRRG/kFG4WFEq5LQHWjrzkvauCPEc0eHg2fp0KuoTISHubChxL7QLT2cxalboqktQd3lI7ruuydctm0FuqGB1hJ4Rzr3sA6TW5Rr1rVa19PaBuRtNIoif35dP1RruBFDH6GyoB/ZAIRWn5kDOb1ugDMLR4yrC8JeljY9fbvuYrij9Vg/QJHKNF4uj+KQTUhGsh93cK7gNTbGpJuMHazv4S5RZPs+No2myvh5mNiEOsO70pytA5W9hF4n6egbkAT5aLTQkmA/TVVim2m03MCEYJ7zDUoVgyWfjw8fExKaA92gS9IbZAO1DDFew9vMORubL+UgTRrdiJACSgViumTWmmEA6lxpHnIKPSuY3SMdLaQaLOcxkXkOcWFUVGWUIN8hJ2kdmZ/G9RwFwxs2tgxQ3teM0nG6UQiohIeZAoLkBHU9TQLWpsTx9pfYA2rmozzqpTyswMpKGHZ11jUJvCflxMa2ZMxE8y6XyVu1C04EGQZ6Gn/xfEgqmac1gcBZcNC58Swzt48386K6M0jMmvkSttfygBCvtgqc2qxgCoMHeLZ9MiUFE8J1gVU9sLFMVEDOAda3cZDxV0zjd5XBm6gp8wAZanyRCpQTtcw1EaYzlOppKNVh934Vwn5CtY0YOyZE2OYSNTJeHJM2/DDV2rNVAQ44msqnyU/9NiZUN51vP4ggnKxgo9hV8dCrKjGcbGrVMJIisMGyhkfmIIQkjJmgflEjIQ2peNyO2cMZAKZ88YRM6mSBKN0hA1kwkAUVkFVjtKqpYiPU2PKBFJwgxJHKwa7DUypiZd/AITflJuqYNP9pUzCvIjx54hchhsQTw1cgWlpHE9i16gBhcyNE+qyrNjWMoExVi/uMp6tbD3fhgAxtmRj8Jm4kuip1Ww5AJaxS2ybYdxxJ1QvrJfMz6pkk/tHeFsyhEbFGoNpEYexQgRT2npkgxkRbhBSfDuI45VcI4iaEtN2eEqbymq4RLkPNKCaYwX4M1q2LJ2RJIXnwNrYhpJmLSE0FT8ELm9jmgks0jNy3Ro4qMpT7tFY1ZcR3oqjlOaC6V7CvNMsgq6u4ARHsKaweOUUanfObfpVy21vx5H2bHTYMiwax4AFlCXrbkqkxQus+OENMsiXALIlKWPemhxAp4B6w+wBjeJy31Ibdkhlnt4jHhUijUspMBkJx8KsTGu6/l8KRh/CNIi5SetOIRBE1aFhW1Cg9hw0kpJIOp3UzUbiiIJhevnhCVlU8ojSxL19h3bT+gnN9e6cTwbFCpX81qFcuJo+6vkZFydKkqiDJ1Y6gYW31u7iqXgNfTC3nYIOzzKg+mElgLvQFEtUJc3ErzQwO2KVi+H6mAUkaoNJdCE438i0eKjYT8Yeh0bAnl7HPJIim4oAa1n4H9RwNT2sX94xpxuFNEDrFUgfy5lJihDfnNiF/p2AOEdf2FItcoQ6OEo5WHo2VI8GsjMTNklvGAWrPquXA69kWZF87K+g4A7CFtJg4XRBkka3aY9dwFI9sXjwhLA4gFp0ssat6lKqtBmGFcwng0DrH5QQFZH+pFWzThb+cswX1jBNiRty1hiCvt0ohUc4oQbw6L5O1NpkEtEWmJCt0wb4RJ+3jRElsTtFkwQ/rfU7B8dpFvXEpDfP94FaMNrKqi3Ym1UrwHo7TcUifxHqCuo66ChfEhM8lqcvi8LWgkAncjtMBqyTdLeL3XRuuImvV1SNlr1nvtQoJbgZ4NYAHOqHe1+54bUGFzETl92qBlprg9tlrHMdIENV230CWtRECZMThzOA4pRtB4CMbBevEie2KCCgq+7w0XV1Iy6KXGP8Vw9SloJ31+mQCeHFjAkeU4eZiYFhrzUVr8UGSCyEEnj5N8e0cDnZeXKrN5eg2hGujKNGsECRbCpaZpf36crgYa5s0kuUayDmyX+DcZi3RvwQi6UU+HCQi8StmX2za8PNNK2K9zpyIWNmZ85FpFzMgR1ncuTmT7hYsLbNs1In7QVEy/wOb+AYIyc2a2mJnB5s1ed90enGq8+rt5CzdyC2YmWF+KEF0mB6Rp1uCunvwYl4wr+vHpudxUBNfPQ6i7aFG6GUwtlljbG4KBvLHHkyja+z4fJan7zqmMzaGv4i51oPo7JC+8Ux8+76TyLx0eW5wKZfy/ye5/dNCqfuG++RjfXT940//3Y77ZQSqnwxznvbgLnBKRUtl/uSjcLJIYAoClfq5Z9Mbat57YASpHeGt1b5dLcLsxBAk6Kf9XQDmtmWokLleOELHp4aOU9svxwd3WRs/Xp9E7sR4rVBoSGP/bc9qWhRngnBFomaugbw9iahZzZceFOKEEAcmCTojDuLH6iLiIShxZFRmHb8QPXha5m+/1dm97G2X9zK8WHjQWN1d5OmqrufpX3NnlvRAyXxB3v+HL/Q0g/D4W5MZRJvtrsR/VkCkx4d1xd0zoIw109JrjC3tn3wyhXfXngpm0sLId6SeaX7o+D4Tpn7gNZMbwqmX9pPuffmDfGGJiR1TwKpJS6f5ECbr9TUMOEvlx329BJN+nUIRq4PGcCx/k2zh/m46QbLUugVWrxPI2a4yZWBAz+Gp3k+PPkTkSBO/5Ws8yzHCG1v1LRI4P7DbgvQs93HEbN2ZrqkKr9wMIxQYk+wgt7RHwFol5UBm2bO5ZKryyu8V/aUUxZA3yWDdVs96y6hu9p8WkEarfKorIoSb/Gq7XeRMf704NTeSdz4X4ouZxIPyHFr19XOIe4vzpvNaeTktjsxZbhWWrO+ilHt+C7CNnHDaonK64B5uPk77rCNO+4ObzVRspebOmDL3JAsseZ/XDl/fEb/SoLf67o5HxSkhe3GyvXRJyTNoF3yuHKteE+cpf3tfHnrzKRnWuPUiNuT2TwF2hk5DK9Deq/0UXCYVbrrBxlj4ZuWeJOV7RcxycopxR/Lp9flNdA7uerQITV/Br3rTS6el4v6hF7wAmXxaQI7pI1NSPBjJGbGTEsHRjYLAe6cVIVxapIXlrg/KMT+nVcKuwLitj8CaMWyOwNlNy/DikgQC0tPzhc5axM656cIw+VqG2tJkkandLXTZjnR1sHdwGLMRjU8Oezo0SzMLJvpkpXO6FlA5H4IN8IW9To+QsY+pYx1wFUe/L6h7UYq4S44DqupDmwFzWG8Ci1xQKyhAnJ1MHtf2GbxnfX4aj8EfDpMQIvG0K4861wpI/8YQuwzX7oAd+6R4/COJ6mBRihe1baErxtNH6JH9YzolhsWUEF+LtNaEorbjNMroQPcFu1KaCeQcARJbKhdeyHx5yP0E5DZe6ESAJJIVWxibg5bgtkIxE90rHSxknjicNenCfmLSh0r9TASGTAsd9T5b92w8cI2ilH7WCNU9D54w87dLwbIoIJokGkVKlHIyXKjow7yCmXhNCpTgCg931UJQrAXf4gi6y2TXmlVGQLZ1Ckiv35tjDNqL8xDOO12pcYDGW974pBkid/OrFpQ2nJyXbxUOHPf2a784hMQRjwaZRi34FzHkZZohy6LMZZTN0Vbbw3AJu3qVkJs+0bEiO27Vu79t4CuLlWBrVvWNJ61lrpDkTY9QEh0QVfI2eoZtR+re1mlBzNeI7Nkw3pDZuc/XqdtAFCtg0wxhv/ZFpat7DcNxO55mNITSEStNqANHM6RcBiaxlzekQzOkcfF5RnQfOq0bSHFcPyjPcA2lmMREdJYYAzfMccRPyUaLyIHC8T33k97o5nmoVoE38hp+5fMgVHltTRuqjlSFn8oJb7xEfgjI1sBdXDWyoKnZKvqCJmkdibaSOI6OpyesFn0krGOaQeWVPR0EfDuN3gKokYqiCb/cIo+4oVFJI1JTbm9xhWxUsvb4AB2iuTECyEr4ANelcg2oKgYRzYizzUcGrrzvYvD4W5Xu+Z9/rw0hCpPGkN2jT55/wUliJxDy/weKUq79F11T/Tv/059fF6n+39315Xm42tWudrWrXe1qV/vd/gUoA+DDXAVIzQAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

Plot Hierarchical Clustering Dendrogram

![K-means
Clustering](data:image/png;base64,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)

K-means Clustering

![The Iris
Dataset](data:image/png;base64,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)

The Iris Dataset

![Plot the decision surface of a decision tree on the iris
dataset](data:image/png;base64,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)

Plot the decision surface of a decision tree on the iris dataset

![Understanding the decision tree
structure](data:image/png;base64,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)

Understanding the decision tree structure

![PCA example with Iris Data-
set](data:image/png;base64,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)

PCA example with Iris Data-set

![Incremental
PCA](data:image/png;base64,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)

Incremental PCA

![Comparison of LDA and PCA 2D projection of Iris
dataset](data:image/png;base64,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)

Comparison of LDA and PCA 2D projection of Iris dataset

![Factor Analysis \(with rotation\) to visualize
patterns](data:image/png;base64,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)

Factor Analysis (with rotation) to visualize patterns

![Plot the decision boundaries of a
VotingClassifier](data:image/png;base64,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)

Plot the decision boundaries of a VotingClassifier

![Early stopping of Gradient
Boosting](data:image/png;base64,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)

Early stopping of Gradient Boosting

![Plot the decision surfaces of ensembles of trees on the iris
dataset](data:image/png;base64,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